Question: What do brokers do with bad stock? Answer: For every seller, there's a buyer. Buyers may have any reason for wanting to buy (bargain shopping, foolish belief in a
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: You seem to prefer to trade like I do: "Buy low, sell high." But there are some people that prefer
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: Yes, it can be a good idea to close unused credit cards. I am going to give some
Question: If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account? Answer: The bank will make this even more confusing because they use the
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: When I was contracting I wish I had joined a tax efficient
Question: When investing, is the risk/reward tradeoff linear? Answer: Ditto Bill and I upvoted his answer. But let me add a bit. If everyone knew exactly what the risk was
Question: How can I transfer and consolidate my 401k's and other options? Answer: The simplest way to consolidate the funds your old 401(k) plans is by doing what's called a
Question: What market conditions favor small cap stocks over medium cap stocks? Answer: I think to answer this question it is best for you to learn more about why people
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: The short term bond fund, which you are pretty certain to have as an option, functions in
Question: Why would a bank need to accept deposits from private clients if it can just borrow from the Federal Reserve? Answer: Borrowing money from the Federal Reserve (or other
Question: I have $12k in a Chase checking account, but want to start earning interest/saving/investing/etc to make more money. What should I do? Answer: First thing's first: migrate your savings
Question: How do I figure out if I will owe taxes Answer: Do you have a regular job, where you work for somebody else and they pay you a salary?
Question: Opening and funding an IRA in three days - is this feasible? Answer: A few years ago, I did something like this at a Wells Fargo; I realized I
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: It's not a ponzi scheme, and it does create value. I think you are confusing "creating value" and "producing
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: It depends on how you define trading. If you're looking at day-trading, where you're probably
Question: Is dividend taxation priced in derivatives? Answer: No. Black Scholes includes a number of variables to calculate the value of the derivative but taxation isn't one of them. Whether
Question: Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend? Answer: There are many stocks that don't have dividends. Their revenue, growth, and reinvestment help these companies to grow, and
Question: Stopping Payment on a Check--How Long Does it Take? Answer: Is this a USA bank to a USA bank transaction? If so, it will clear in one to two
Question: My boss wants to buy me a gift. How do I account for taxes for this? Answer: Gifts given and received between business partners or employers/employees are treated as
Question: Deductions greater than Income : Traditional IRA to Roth Conversion? Answer: Yes. A most emphatic yes. I suggest you look at your 2014 return and project what 2015 will
Question: How can I pay for school to finish my degree when I can't get a student loan and have bad credit? Answer: a) Talk to the financial aid counselors
Question: What is a good service that will allow me to practice options trading with a pretend-money account? Answer: Try wallstreetsurvivor.com It gives you $100k of pretend money when you
Question: For a mortgage down-payment, what percentage is sensible? Answer: In Australia, you will typically be required to pay for mortgage insurance if you borrow more than 80% of the
Question: 401k with paltry match or SPY ETF? Answer: Answers: 1. Is this a good idea? Is it really risky? What are the pros and cons? Yes, it is a
Question: Net income correlation with Stock Price Answer: Ideally, stock price reflects the value of the company, the dividends it is expected to pay, and what people expect the future
Question: What is Bearish Bar Reversal? Answer: What it is trying to describe is the psychology around the current price of the stock. In candlestick charts for example, if you
Question: For net worth, should I value physical property at my cost to replace it, or the amount I could get for selling it? Answer: You are not asking for
Question: How do I pay my estimated income tax? Answer: Congratulations on starting your own business. Invest in a tax software package right away; I can't recommend a specific one
Question: Will I be able to purchase land? Answer: If there is land for sale, you can buy it. The United States doesn't have many restrictions on the purchase of
Question: What determines price fluctuation of groceries Answer: Yes and no. First off, commodity prices reflect the cost of a good about 3 steps back in the retail supply chain;
Question: Sell Stock using Limit Answer: if I put a limit sell at $22.00 now, will it not sell until it's at $22.00 and I will continue to keep the
Question: How can I import customers and invoices from a previous year's Gnucash file? Answer: There does not appear to be a way to export the customers and invoices nor
Question: Does the Black-Scholes Model apply to American Style options? Answer: Black-Scholes is "close enough" for American options since there aren't usually reasons to exercise early, so the ability to
Question: Are there contracts for fixed pay vs. fixed pay rates? Answer: Yes. I have personally signed such contracts (fixed budget software development) and lost money every single time. And
Question: Optimal way for withdrawing vested company match from my 401k? Answer: You can borrow against a 401k for 5 years. This defers any penalty fees that the IRS mandates.
Question: Should I replace bonds in a passive investment strategy Answer: The fact that some asset (in this case corporate bonds) has positive correlation with some other asset (equity) doesn't
Question: Is there a NY tax form to use when one is missing a K-1 (or 1065) from an LLC? Answer: Form 10-K is filed by corporations to SEC. You
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: At the other end of the spectrum is the VICEX fund. it invests in industries such as tobacco, gaming,
Question: In which situations is it better to consider a loan instead of paying cash? Answer: Your practice of waiting until you can pay cash is a good one. It
Question: Fund or ETF that simulates the investment goals of an options "straddle" strategy? Answer: *Volatility and the VIX can be very tricky to trade. In particular, going out longer
Question: What are the best options for an RESP for my 2 year old kid? Answer: Since your child is 2, he has a long time horizon for investment. Assuming
Question: Buy securities at another stock exchange Answer: Really arbitrage means that, currency risk aside, it shouldn't matter which exchange you buy on in price terms alone. Arbitrage will always
Question: What is the "Bernanke Twist" and "Operation Twist"? What exactly does it do? Answer: To understand the Twist, you need to understand what the Yield Curve is. You must
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Why do companies exist? Well, the corporate charter describes why the company
Question: Why buy SPY when there is S&P500? Answer: The S&P500 is an index, not an investment by itself. The index lists a large number of stocks, and the value
Question: Buying USA Stocks from Sri Lanka Answer: Verify if a local bank offers to participate in different stock markets - big companies like apple or facebook often gets traded
Question: What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate? Answer: It can be a good thing for the bank to refinance your loan
Question: why would someone buy or sell just a few shares in stocks Answer: Simple, there is no magic price adjustment after sales - why do you expect the stock
Question: How does the currency between countries relate Answer: It's called correlation. I found this: http://www.forexrazor.com/en-us/school/tabid/426/ID/437424/currency-pair-correlations it looks a good place to start Similar types of political economies will correlate
Question: How can OTC scams affect you? Answer: Am I being absurd? No. Should I be worrying? Yes. If I sell in the morning, I've only lost a couple hundred
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: As mhoran_psprep and others have already said, it sounds like the sale is concluded and your son
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: Ponder this. Suppose that a reputable company or government were to come out and say hey, we are going to issue some
Question: What would the broker do about this naked call option? Answer: If the underlying is currently moving as aggressively as stated, the broker would immediately forcibly close positions to
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: The title of your question basically asks: What can I do? And you state this regarding the
Question: Why does the Fed use PCE over CPI? Answer: (the average person doesn't care nor are they affected by how much their employer spends in healthcare) It may be
Question: How much will a stock be worth after a merger? Answer: If this is a one to one share exchange with added cash to make up the difference in
Question: Meanings of "price of the derivative" Answer: No, it means what it says. Prices change, hence price of the derivative can go down even if the price of the
Question: Is it better to buy US stocks on US stock exchanges as a European? Answer: Liquidity on dual listed equities is rarely the same on both exchanges. More liquidity
Question: Covered call when stock position is at a loss Answer: If your shares get called on stock at a price below what you paid for the stock, your gain
Question: Does it make any sense to have individual stocks, bonds, preferred shares Answer: Sure, with some general rules of thumb: what is the minimum portfolio balance to avoid paying
Question: If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans? Answer: All data for a single adult in tax year 2010. Roth IRA 401K Roth
Question: Why certain currencies are considered safe havens in times of turmoil Answer: It's a combination of neutrality, economic power, economic freedom, a history of stability, and tradition. In the
Question: Buy and sell stock at specific earnings Answer: Enjoy the free trades as long as they last, and take advantage of it since this is no longer functionally a
Question: What would a stock be worth if dividends did not exist? [duplicate] Answer: A share of stock is a small fraction of the ownership of the company. If you
Question: Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets? Answer: I would say that all of the reasons you list in your question are valid, and I would
Question: Should I include retirement funds in calculating my asset allocation? Answer: Personally, I do asset allocation separately for personal investing and for retirement investing, as I the two have
Question: Why can't the Fed lower interest rates below zero? Answer: Because giving someone a loan and paying them to take it isn't a loan anymore. I'll grant you, some
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: Also, does anyone know of any books on doing this sort of thing, i.e. renting out
Question: Variations of Dual momentum Answer: There's a few layers to the Momentum Theory discussed in that book. But speaking in general terms I can answer the following: Kind of.
Question: How to motivate young people to save money Answer: Although my kid just turned 5, he's learning the value of money now, which should help him in the future.
Question: Vanguard ETF vs mutual fund Answer: Where are you planning on buying this ETF? I'm guessing it's directly through Vanguard? If so, that's likely your first reason - the
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: What equal percentage of both you and your girlfriend's income will cover the essential household expenses? Although we earned different
Question: Should I invest in my house, when it's in my wife's name? Answer: If you are concerned about it being inequitable due to the prenuptial agreement, discuss the idea
Question: Selling equities for real-estate down payment Answer: My suggestion would be to do the math. That is the best advice you can get when considering any investment. There are
Question: When investing, is the risk/reward tradeoff linear? Answer: The relationship is not linear, and depends on a lot of factors. The term you're looking for is efficient frontier, the
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: To be
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: It would make sense to refuse a raise when it pushes your effective marginal 'tax' (including reduced benefits)
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: Political instability and general inability
Question: Why don't banks allow more control over credit/debit card charges? Answer: Credit cards and debit cards make up the bulk of the transactions in the US. Visa and Mastercard
Question: Higher returns from international markets? Answer: Tricky question, basically, you just want to first spread risk around, and then seek abnormal returns after you understand what portions of your
Question: How does the yield on my investments stack up against other investors? Answer: It can be pretty hard to compute the right number. What you need to know for
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: Contrary to Muro's answer which strangely shows a graph of the Fed's
Question: Good way to record currency conversion transactions in personal accounting software? Answer: Here's what the GnuCash documentation, 10.5 Tracking Currency Investments (How-To) has to say about bookkeeping for currency
Question: Accepting high volatility for high long-term returns Answer: Modern portfolio theory dramatically underestimates the risk of the recommended assets. This is because so few underlying assets are in the
Question: What is a good service that will allow me to practice options trading with a pretend-money account? Answer: Try https://sparkprofit.com/ You practice with real market prices, and it's free.
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: The suggestions towards retirement and emergency savings outlined by the other posters are absolute must-dos.
Question: How to rescue my money from negative interest? Answer: Withdraw your savings as cash and stuff them into your mattress? Less flippantly, would the fees for a safe deposit
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: There are three aspects of what to value gold over. It doesn't easily chemically react with anything, so it stays
Question: When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency? Answer: When economies are strong, it is particularly alluring to have a single currency as it makes
Question: 401(k) Investment stategies Answer: Ending up with nothing is an unlikely situation unless you invest 100% in a company stock and the company goes under. In order to give
Question: Do personal checks expire? [US] Answer: When I last asked a certain large bank in the US (in 2011 or 2012), they didn't offer expiring personal checks. (I think
Question: How and Should I Invest (As a college 18 year old with minimal living expenses)? Answer: I have about $1K in savings, and have been told that you should
Question: What financial data are analysed (and how) to come up with a stock recommendation? Answer: Let me start with a somewhat sarcastic statement: There are probably as many things
Question: Might it make sense not to look into debt that is in collections? Answer: It's your business to pay what you owe but it's not your business to determine
Question: How should I file my taxes as a contractor? Answer: For tax purposes you will need to file as an employee (T4 slips and tax withheld automatically), but also
Question: Challenged an apparently bogus credit card charge, what happens now? Answer: Yes. For $15 it's not worth anyone's time to dig deep just for this specific occurrence. What you
Question: Can signing up at optoutprescreen.com improve my credit score? Answer: Sounds like a case of false causality. If somebody is taking the time to sign up at opt out
Question: For young (lower-mid class) investors what percentage should be in individual stocks? Answer: I don't believe the decision is decided by age or wealth. You only stock pick when
Question: Is there a free, online stock screener for UK stocks? Answer: I know nice and free stock screener for UK (and 20+ exchanges) - https://unicornbay.com/screener?f=exchange_str|%3D|LSE;&s=MarketCapitalization|desc&p=1|20 from Unicorn Bay. It
Question: How to donate to charity that will make a difference? Answer: In the. US, i'd suggest hitting the Charity Navigator website for evaluation of how efficiently various charities will
Question: What is the rationale behind stock markets retreating due to S&P having a negative outlook on the USA? Answer: If you spoke in front of a group of people
Question: Are there "buy and hold" passively managed funds? Answer: They pretty much already have what you are looking for. They are called Unit Investment Trusts. The key behind these
Question: Why are typical 401(k) plan fund choices so awful? Answer: The managers of the 401(k) have to make their money somewhere. Either they'll make it from the employer, or
Question: Should market based health insurance premiums be factored into 6 months emergency fund savings? Answer: Yes factor into your fund the cost of health insurance. You basically have three
Question: Why do some symbols not have an Options chain for specific expiration dates? Answer: All openly traded securities must be registered with the SEC and setup with clearing agents.
Question: How can I find out which ETFs has holdings in a particular stock? Answer: This ETFchannel.com page shows which ETFs hold Wells Fargo and you can search other stocks
Question: Should I be claiming more than 1 exemption? Answer: It's not possible to determine whether you can "expect a refund" or whether you are claiming the right number of
Question: Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns? Answer: This sound like a very bad idea. If you invest
Question: Start Investing - France Answer: In france you have several options: A good place to starts with: 1% as of may 2015 interest is low, but's money is 100%
Question: Freelancer: Should I start a second bank account? Answer: I feel the need to separate my freelance accounts from my personal accounts. Yes, you should. Should I start another
Question: Complete Opposite Calculations and Opinions - Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments with Monthly Income Answer: The advice you were given in the other question was don't
Question: Why does a stock's price fluctuate so often, even when fresh news isn't available? Answer: In addition to what @George Marian said, a very large portion of trades are
Question: May 6, 2010 stock market decline/plunge: Why did it drop 9% in a few minutes? Answer: No one is quite sure what happened (yet). Speculation includes: The interesting thing
Question: How to incorporate dividends while calculating annual return of a Stock Answer: You simply add the dividend to the stock price when calculating its annual return. So for year
Question: Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC? Answer: Your recruiter is likely trying to avoid having to pay the employer's side of employment taxes, and
Question: Is there data and proof that a diversified portfolio can generate higher returns than the S&P 500 Index? Answer: Yes, a diversified portfolio can generate greater returns than the
Question: How do I research, analyze, and choose the right mutual fund for a roth ira? Answer: There is a lot of interesting information that can be found in a
Question: Why buy bonds in a no-arbitrage market? Answer: It is my understanding that banks pay less than the going rate on savings accounts and require that the person who
Question: Where should I park my money if I'm pessimistic about the economy and I think there will be high inflation? Answer: Given those assumptions (which I happen to think
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: If credit scoring works in the UK like it does in the US,
Question: Self Assessment UK - Goods and services for your own use Answer: The problem with your profession is that it is hard to distinguish those activities as 'services rendered'
Question: Understanding summary of brokerage account value, cash balance, buying power? Answer: Here you go: I'll leave the last question as an exercise to the reader.
Question: How does owning a home and paying on a mortgage fit into family savings and investment? Answer: 1) How does owning a home fit into my financial portfolio? Most
Question: Need something more basic than a financial advisor or planner Answer: Yes, there is a profession that does exactly what you're looking for. It's called a fee-only financial advisor.
Question: What does it mean that stocks are "memoryless"? Answer: It reminds me of the Efficient Market Hypothesis, except that just states in its weakest form that the current market
Question: Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first? Answer: Too long for a comment - It's great that you are
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: Firstly, I'm going to do what you said and analyze your question taking your entire family's
Question: What makes an actual share valuable? [duplicate] Answer: What benefit do I get from buying a share The value of any financial asset is its ability to generate cash
Question: If a startup can always issue new shares, what value is there to stocks/options? Answer: The short answer, probably not much. Unless you have a controlling interest in the
Question: Inherited Stock Answer: Since you reference SS, I surmise you are in the US. Stock you inherit gets a stepped up basis when it's inherited. (so long as it
Question: Do I need to report to FInCEN if I had greater than $10,000 worth of bitcoin in a foreign bitcoin exchange? Answer: Firstly you have to know exactly what
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: People in this case, are large institutional investors. The "bid ask" spread is for "small traders" like yourself.
Question: Distribution rules LLC vs. S-Corp Answer: LLC is not a federal tax designation. It's a state-level organization. Your LLC can elect to be treated as a partnership, a disregarded
Question: Withdrawing cash from investment: take money from underperforming fund? Answer: Bob should treat both positions as incomplete, and explore a viewpoint which does a better job of separating value
Question: What is the equivalent of the QQQ in the UK for the FTSE 100? Answer: I'm not familiar with QQQ, but I'm guessing this is something like IShares Ftse
Question: How to plan in a budget for those less frequent but mid-range expensive buys? Answer: I use a "sinking" fund. If you want to buy a $1000 bicycle, you
Question: What is the "Bernanke Twist" and "Operation Twist"? What exactly does it do? Answer: So "Operation Twist" is actually a pretty simple concept. Here's the break down: The Fed
Question: How much is one "lot" of EUR/USD? Answer: A lot (sometimes called a round lot) always refers to the quantity of physical good that you're getting, like a carton
Question: How to find a business consultant that would ensure that all your business activities are legal and compliant with all regulations? Answer: Getting a specific service recommendation is off-topic,
Question: What securities is Return of Capital applicable to? Answer: Off the top of my head, I don't know of any publicly-traded companies that routinely earmark distributions as return of
Question: How to save money for future expenses Answer: You can't force a horse to eat carrots. You have to make him hungry... It's good that you're ready to start
Question: Any other options for cash-out/construction loans? Answer: For alternative financing, pursue a line of credit or a Home Equity Line of Credit. (From the comments of @ChrisInEdmonton and @littleadv
Question: Is there a legal deadline for when your bank/brokerage has to send your tax forms to you? Answer: Many of the custodians (ie. Schwab) file for an extension on
Question: Married Couple - Open investment account Separate or Joined? Answer: I don't believe it makes a difference at the federal level -- if you file taxes jointly, gains, losses,
Question: Why could rental costs for apartments/houses rise while buying prices can go up and down? Answer: Economically, you would say that purchased and rented real estate are not perfect
Question: Carry-forward of individual losses, with late-filed past taxes [US] Answer: The 2012 return was due 4/15/2013 (I'm assuming it didn't fall on a weekend). No late filing penalty if
Question: Payroll question Answer: That $200 extra that your employer withheld may already have been sent on to the IRS. Depending on the size of the employer, withholdings from payroll
Question: Buying shares in employer's company during IPO Answer: So the key factor here, IMHO, is the amount we are talking about. $2K is just not a lot of money.
Question: Returning to the UK after working in Switzerland, What to do with my Swiss Francs? Answer: A general principle in finance is that you shouldn't stick with an investment
Question: What do the terms par value, purchase price, call price, call date, and coupon rate mean in the context of bonds? Answer: Bonds are valued based on all of
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: Definitely don't grocery shop when you're hungry. Also, watch for sales, and then buy in bulk and freeze
Question: How can I buy these ETFs? Answer: ETFs trade on specific exchanges. If your broker deals with those exchanges, you should have access to the ETF. If your broker
Question: Does a US LLC need to file taxes if owned by a foreign citizen? Answer: First, yes, your LLC has to file annual taxes to the US government. All
Question: Direct Registration System vs Brokerage Firm Answer: You'll need to talk to your broker about registering positions you already hold. I would personally expect this will cost you a
Question: Can somebody explain "leveraged debt investment positions" and "exposures" in this context for me, please? Answer: Exposure is the amount of money that you are at risk of losing
Question: How to decide on limits when purchasing/selling stocks? Answer: You said your strategy was to put it into a index fund. But then you asked about setting stock limits.
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: If the interest rate on the student loan is lower than inflation, then the
Question: How can I minimize the impact of the HST? Answer: The HST is a sales tax levied on most goods and services. It is important to realize that in
Question: What extra information might be obtained from the next highest bids in an order book? Answer: My broker collates the order book by price and marketplace, displaying the number
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Although there are some good points made here as to the cause of inflation (mostly
Question: Is it better to ask for a raise before a spin-off / merger or after? Answer: gef05 hit it on the head -- the books get frozen when mergers/spinoffs
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: Goodness, I wish I could put away half my paycheck. Not to rain on your
Question: How do I calculate what percentage of my portfolio is large-, mid- or small- cap? Answer: All mutual funds disclose their investments, funds are large cap only or midcsp
Question: How much life insurance do I need? Answer: After some thought, I follow Dave Ramsey's advice because it's simple and I can do the math in my head -
Question: Filing a corporation tax return online? Answer: This may not exactly answer your question but, as a small business owner, I would highly recommend having a professional handle your
Question: Purchasing ETFs when (pretty much) everything else is maxed out Answer: Most ETFs are index funds, meaning you get built in diversification so that any one stock going down
Question: What are your experiences with 'self directed' 401ks? Answer: My employer matches 6% of my salary, dollar for dollar. So you have a great benefit. The self-directed side has
Question: Can value from labor provided to oneself be taxed? Answer: The basis of the home is the cost of land and material. That's it. Your time isn't added to
Question: What is the economic explanation for the high cost of weddings? Answer: There is the price they want and the price you pay. Everything is negotiable when its a
Question: How exactly does dealing in stock make me money? Answer: If you buy a stock and it goes up, you can sell it and make money. But if you
Question: What's the fuss about identity theft? Answer: The problem is that the reason you find out may be that you are at the car dealer, picked out a car,
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: Yes, because you cannot have an exponential growth rate that is faster than the rate at which the
Question: What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why? Answer: Aggressiveness in a retirement portfolio is usually a function of your age and your risk tolerance.
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: I don't think Xero Personal does. I have my bank account in there, but since there's no automatic
Question: Is it possible to borrow money to accrue interest, and then use that interest to pay back the borrower + fees? Answer: With (1), it's rather confusing as to
Question: Are traders 100% responsible for a stock's price changes? Answer: When people talk about "the price" of a stock, they usually mean one of the following: Last price: The
Question: What's a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada? Answer: Now, keep in mind I'm biased because I'm an engineer at this company, but
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: If you just buy a few lotto tickets normally, then no, it's not going to
Question: What investments are positively related to the housing market decline? Answer: During the actual decline, there's very little money to be made and a lot to lose. When housing
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: You can try manager.io. It has a desktop, cloud and server edition that should fit your needs.
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: The very first time I bought a new car I wrote out a personal check for $5000 (this was a
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: Credit scoring has changed recently and the answer to this question will have slightly changed. While most points
Question: Currently sole owner of a property. My girlfriend is looking to move in with me and is offering to pay 'rent'. Am I at risk here? Answer: The rent
Question: Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed? Answer: http://www.ehow.com/about_4625753_cobra-as-selfemployed-health-insurance.html This link makes it clear... it has to be itemized, and is subject to the > than 7.5% AGI rule.
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: Mathwise, I absolutely agree with the other answers. No contest, you should keep getting the match. But, just
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: Lets look at it this way. Your son bought the car and then 2 days later, he
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: It's always a good idea to check your credit history on a
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: The best way to make money during a market correction is to be a financial services company
Question: Income tax exemptions for small business? Answer: Yes, you should be able to deduct at least some of these expenses. For expense incurred before you started the business: What
Question: How to reconcile these contradictory statements about the effect of volume on stock price? Answer: These statements aren't necessarily contradictory. In the first case, investors are bearish because they
Question: Why aren't there solutions for electronic itemized receipt for retail in-store purchases? Answer: In some stores that is done. When I shop at the Apple store or at the
Question: Should I give to charity by check or credit card? Answer: As someone that has run a nonprofit, my 2 cents: First: thank you for giving and for being
Question: Account that is debited and account that is credited Answer: I'm not sure if this is your point of confusion, but when an account is said to be debited
Question: What is meant by "priced in"? Answer: Anyone who wants to can use any method they want. Ultimately, the price of the stock will settle on the valuation that
Question: What are the differences between an investment mortgage and a personal mortgage? Answer: I used to own a few investment properties, so I'm pretty familiar with this. As MrChrister
Question: Credit card interest calculator with grace period & different interest rate calculation methods? Answer: I thought it was such a useful suggestion that I went ahead and created them.
Question: What are the ins/outs of writing-off part of one's rent for working at home? Answer: Tax regulations vary from country to country - some permitting more deductions, some less
Question: Cost Basis in Retirement Accounts Irrelevant? Answer: Cost basis is irrelevant because the entire distribution is taxed as ordinary income even if the custodian distributes stock or mutual fund
Question: Determining current value for real estate for inheritance purposes Answer: My question is... how is this new value determined? Does it go off of the tax appraised value? The
Question: Technical Analysis: the concepts of overbought / oversold don't make sense Answer: You are right that every transaction involves a seller and a buyer. The difference is the level
Question: Why are currency forwards needed? Answer: Can't I achieve the exact same effect and outcome by exchanging currency now and put that amount of USD in a bank account
Question: High credit utilization, some high interest - but credit score not overly bad. How to attack debt in this situation? Answer: While paying off your debt quickly is obviously
Question: How can I deal with a spouse who compulsively spends? Answer: compulsive eating, and other compulsions, are also an issue If this is true, then this is not a
Question: What are investment options for young married couple with no debt that have maxed out retirement savings? Answer: 4.7 is a pretty low rate, especially if you are deducting
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: Open an account with a US discount online broker, or with a European broker with access to the US
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Inflation is theft! It is caused when banks lend money that someone deposited, but still
Question: How to find out if a company is legit? Answer: It depends greatly from place to place, but nothing beats the Internet reviews' research. If you can't find anything
Question: Cost Basis in Retirement Accounts Irrelevant? Answer: One thing to keep in mind is that with Roth accounts, there are different withdrawal considerations based on your contributions. For example,
Question: Any Tips on How to Get the Highest Returns Within 4 Months by Investing in Stocks? Answer: What you're asking for is a short-term, large return investment. When looking
Question: Do companies that get taken-over have to honour the old gift card/certificate? Answer: It depends completely on the nature of the takeover. When a business is bought, the new
Question: Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry Answer: Not cumulative volatility. It's cumulative probability density. Time value isn't linear because PDFs (probability distribution function)
Question: Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes? Answer: This is not an end-all answer but it'll get you started I have been through accounting courses in college
Question: What are these fees attached to mutual fund FSEMX? Answer: FSEMX has an annual expense ratio of 0.1% which is very low. What that means is that each month,
Question: Is it true that the price of diamonds is based on a monopoly? Answer: diamonds are intrinsically worthless -- and therefore have quite little resale value It may be
Question: Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance? Answer: Sorry to be boring but you have the luxury of time and do not need high-risk
Question: Mortgage vs. Cash for U.S. home buy now Answer: Buying now with a mortgage gets you: Waiting to buy with all cash gets you: These are also some of
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: I know it may not last longer but i was able to 2.5x my wealth over last 2
Question: Estate taxes and the top 1 percent by net worth Answer: There are two main reasons for the difference between these two numbers: While there are a few people
Question: When is it better to rent and when is better buy in a certain property market? Answer: No magic answers here. Housing is a market, and the conditions in
Question: Is there a standard check format in the USA? Answer: Many years ago, I worked on software that had to print the date, payee, and amounts on pre-printed checks.
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: Math says invest in the Market (But paying off your mortgage early is a valid option if you
Question: How to calculate tax amounts withheld on mixed pre-tax and Roth 401(k) contributions, and match? Answer: Your 401k IRA will now have three different sub-accounts, the one holding your
Question: How to get into real estate with a limited budget Answer: You are neglecting a few very important things around real estate transactions in Belgium So in the end
Question: Under what circumstance will the IRS charge you a late-payment penalty for taxes? Answer: Assuming US/IRS: If you filed on time and paid what you believed was the correct
Question: What kinds of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) should specifically be avoided? Answer: Stay away from leveraged or synthetic ETFs. This answer talks about why leveraged ETFs are dangerous. There are
Question: Are the "debt reduction" company useful? Answer: From what I understand, they basically hold on to your money while you stop paying your debt. They keep it in an
Question: Given a certain yearly savings, how much can I spend on a capital improvement? NPV of future cash flow Answer: The question states :- Our insurance company is offering
Question: 1040 or 1040NR this time? Answer: 1040 or 1040NR depends on whether you are a resident alien or nonresident alien -- 1040/1040A/1040EZ for resident aliens, and 1040NR/1040NR-EZ for nonresident
Question: What does "interest rates", without any further context, generically refer to? Answer: The generic representative of interest rates is the 10 year treasury bond rate. (USA). As an approximation
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: I am like you with not acknowledging balances in my accounts, so I pay
Question: What effect would sovereign default of a European country have on personal debt or a mortgage? Answer: This is a hard question to answer. Government debt and mortgages are
Question: Should I have a higher credit limit on my credit card? Answer: If you want to stay in the sub 30% range to avoid 'high utilization' on your card,
Question: How should I report my RSUs in my tax return Answer: Here's an article on it that might help: http://thefinancebuff.com/restricted-stock-units-rsu-sales-and.html One of the tricky things is that you probably
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: Option 4: Go talk with someone in person at an office of the Insurance company. They have
Question: What exactly is a "derivative"? Answer: There are a few unsavory factors that have led to the creation of new derivatives:
Question: Are investor's preference for dividends justified? Answer: Stocks aren't just paper -- they're ownership of a company. Getting cash from a stock that doesn't pay dividends basically means reducing
Question: Best steps to start saving money for a fresh grad in Singapore? Answer: This is assuming that you are now making some amount X per month which is more
Question: Personal Tax Deduction for written work to a recognized 501c3 Answer: If it's work you'd be producing specifically for this organization, that would not be deductable. Per Publication 526,
Question: How smart is it really to take out a loan right now? Answer: I think it's smart. It's the same game, just stiffer regulations, so your lender will ask
Question: How Warren Buffett made his money Answer: Despite Buffett's nearly perfect consistent advice over the past few decades, they don't reflect his earliest days. His modern philosophy seemed to
Question: When buying a call option, is the financial stability of the option writer relevant? Answer: Exchange traded options are issued in a way that there is no counter party
Question: When will the 2017 US Federal Tax forms be released? Answer: It's not quite as bad as the comments indicate. Form 1040ES has been available since January (and IME
Question: What do people mean when they talk about the central bank providing "cheap money"? What are the implications for the stock market? Answer: Companies with existing borrowings (where borrowings
Question: Getting (historical) Standard & Poor Stock Guides Answer: Log in to your Scottrade account, and goto Markets --> Analyst Views --> Click the PDF link for the company. Also,
Question: How can I invest in gold without taking physical possession? Answer: You could buy shares of an Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) based on the price of gold, like GLD, IAU,
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: I am going to break rank slightly with the consensus so far. Here's the
Question: What is a good asset allocation for a 25 year old? Answer: First, I'd recommend that you separate "short-term" assets from "long-term" assets in your head. Short-term assets are
Question: How to approach building credit without a credit card Answer: Keep in mind that credit takes time to build. Your best short-term solution is to save enough cash to
Question: How come we can find stocks with a Price-to-Book ratio less than 1? Answer: Note that the formula for Price to Book ratio is: Stock Price / {[Total Assets
Question: A guy scammed me, but he gave me a bank account number & routing number. Can I use that to take out what he owes me? Answer: You're not
Question: When filing for an NOL, do you have to file the amended previous years' returns after the NOL return? Answer: Your CPA doesn't need to file anything, so don't
Question: Is it normal for brokers to ask whether I am a beginner? Answer: In Canada, for example, they are expected or required to find out. They call it, The
Question: How do I begin investment saving, rather than just saving in a bank account? Answer: In general, the higher the return (such as interest), the higher the risk. If
Question: Where can I invest my retirement savings money, where it is safer than stocks? Answer: Does your employer provide a matching contribution to your 401k? If so, contribute enough
Question: Do you pay taxes on stock gains that are just returning to their original purchase price? Answer: You don't generally pay capital gains taxes until you sell the stock.
Question: Does borrowing from my 401(k) make sense in my specific circumstance? Answer: I completely agree with Pete that a 401(k) loan is not the answer, but I have an
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: The person may just want to get out of that position in order to buy a different stock,
Question: What happens when PayPal overdrafts a checking account (with an ample backup funding source available)? Answer: I made this mistake and tried calling Paypal...the first time I have ever
Question: Investment / Savings advice in uncertain economy Answer: $23,000 Student Loans at 4% This represents guaranteed loss. Paying this off quickly is a conservative move, while your other investments
Question: Mutual Funds Definition and Role Answer: I think you are asking about actively managed funds vs. indexes and possibly also vs. diversified funds like target date funds. This is
Question: Importance of dividend yield when evaluating a stock? Answer: Dividend yields can also reflect important information about the company's status. For example, a company that has never lowered or
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: The car you dream of might not be available in your local used car market. Or if it
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: Even assuming hypothetically that you are able to split money in different
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: As you say life insurance is about covering the
Question: What is an accounting term that factors growth as a function of time and discount rate? Answer: Since you are trying to compare corporate bonds that have a defined
Question: How can I invest my $100? Answer: What is your investing goal? And what do you mean by investing? Do you necessarily mean investing in the stock market or
Question: My bank often blocks my card during purchases - what is the most reliable bank card? (UK) Answer: This question is likely to be closed as a product recommendation
Question: Investments other than CDs? Answer: First off, you have done very well to be in your financial position at your age. Congratulations. I first started investing seriously about 10
Question: Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under? Answer: I have two different thoughts on this subject.
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: I just read this: Housing and inflation Adjusted for inflation the price of a house has increased a
Question: Transfer $70k from Wells Fargo (US) to my other account at a Credit Union bank Answer: The LLC is paying you. It would only be fraudulent if you were
Question: How much time should be spent on Penny Stocks Trading a day? Answer: 1) Don't trade individual stocks. You expose yourself to unnecessary risk. 2) Pick a fund with
Question: How to categorize shared income? Answer: My company did not have income of $1000 and have a $500 expense Why not? Your company received $1000 from you, and based
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: All the other answers posted thus far discuss matters from the perspective of US tax laws and are
Question: How do disputed debts work on credit reports? Answer: You're not missing anything. Consumer protection in the US is very basic and limited, if at all. So if someone
Question: How to invest with a low net worth Answer: You most definitely can invest such an amount profitably, but it makes it even more important to avoid fees, um,
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Bank every dollar possible to have more cash available for investing during
Question: What resources can I use to try and find out the name of the manager for a given fund? Answer: Yahoo Finance: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/pr?s=VFINX+Profile Under "Management Information"
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: All investors have ultimately the same investment goal: maximize returns while limiting risk
Question: Are Forex traders forced to use leverage? Answer: While it's not true that you have to use leverage to participate in Forex, the alternative makes it impractical for most
Question: What are my options to deal with Student Loan debt collectors? Answer: Never speak to a debt collector. Ask them to stop calling you and STOP talking to them.
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: I'm sorry to hear you've made a mistake. Having read the contract of sale we signed, I
Question: What are the risks of Dividend-yielding stocks? Answer: No stock is risk-free. Some of the biggest companies in the country, that seemed incredibly stable and secure, have suffered severe
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: And then there is the issue of people who actually don't intend to reduce the size of their
Question: Looking into investment bonds for the first time- what do I need to be aware of? Answer: First off, I do not recommend buying individual bonds yourself. Instead buy
Question: I am under 18 years old, in the US, my parents have terrible credit, how can I take out a loan? Answer: I am 17 and currently have a
Question: How does a financial advisor choose debt funds and equity funds for us? Answer: There are raters of stock and bond funds of which Morningstar's is the best. Standard
Question: Could one person with a card with no spending limit pay off everyone's debt? Answer: The problem would not only be that of Kyle but also that of American
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: I wouldn't try to tell him what he should do, nor would I provide any
Question: What does inflation actually mean? [duplicate] Answer: Inflation also provides incentives for consumers to purchase now rather than later (which helps drive sales) and it provides incentive for money
Question: Cashing a cheque on behalf of someone else Answer: Anyone can walk into a bank, say "Hi, I'm a messenger, I have an endorsed check and a filled out
Question: Other than being able to borrow to invest, how is a margin trading account different from a cash account? Answer: Two more esoteric differences, related to the same cause...
Question: How to declare foreign gift of nearly $10,000 Answer: Actually banks aren't required to (and don't) report on 8300 because they already report $10k+ cash transactions to FinCEN as
Question: Transfer of stock of non-public company after vesting Answer: If the company is non-public, your hands are tied. Most startups have a Stock Option Plan with specific rules on
Question: Canadian accepting money electronically from Americans Answer: I am not aware of a version of Interac available in the U.S., but there are alternative ways to receive money: Cheque.
Question: Medium-term money investment in Germany Answer: Due to the zero percent interest rate on the Euro right now you won't find any investment giving you 5% which isn't equivalent
Question: Tax deductions on empty property Answer: A real estate business could offset income from occupied property with costs from vacant property held for speculation. For speculation, you can let
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: I just wanted to point out that the most "leverage" for pre-paying occurs at the very beginning of
Question: Buy stock in Canadian dollars or US? Answer: From a purely financial standpoint, you should invest using whatever dollars get you the best rate. The general rule of thumb
Question: Is it true that more than 99% of active traders cannot beat the index? Answer: What decision are you trying to make? Are you interested day trading stocks to
Question: Why is a stock that pays a dividend preferrable to one that doesn't? Answer: Dividend paying stocks are not "better" In particular shareholders will get taxed on the distribution
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: Another thing that "retirement" lets you do is do what you love without worrying about making enough money to live on
Question: Why are taxes on actively managed funds higher than those on index funds? Answer: First, consider what causes taxes to apply to a mutual fund, index or actively managed.
Question: Single investment across multiple accounts good, bad, indifferent? Answer: The other issue you could run into is that each deferred account is going to be subject to its own
Question: Do I need a new EIN since I am hiring employees for my LLC? Answer: I called the IRS (click here for IRS contact info) and they said I
Question: What is the Difference between Life Insurance and ULIP? Answer: ULIP insurance plan ULIP is Unit Linked Insurance Plan. The premium you pay, a small part goes towards covering
Question: Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive? Answer: The company's value (which should be reflected in the share price) is
Question: What happens when PayPal overdrafts a checking account (with an ample backup funding source available)? Answer: PayPal will be contacting you shortly, I'm sure. You'll see the reversal on
Question: Bait-and-switch on new car lease Answer: I strongly discourage leasing (or loans, but at least you own the car at the end of it) in any situation. it's just
Question: I might use a credit card convenience check. What should I consider? Answer: I tried this a few months ago when I got one from Chase for 0%. Thought
Question: When's 0% financing the least costly (best) option? Answer: A Lease is an entirely different way of getting a car. In two situations it makes sense, in all other
Question: Why does money value normally decrease? Answer: You expect interest because you forgo the opportunity of using the money as well as the risk of losing the money if
Question: Vanguard Mutual Funds  Diversification vs Share Class Answer: In general, I'd try to keep things as simple as possible. If your plan is to have a three-fund portfolio
Question: Can capital loss in traditional IRA and Roth IRA be used to offset taxable income? Answer: No, you cannot. If you withdraw everything from all your Roth IRA's and
Question: Is CLM a stock or an ETF? Answer: Cornerstone Strategic Value Fund, Inc. is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. It was incorporated in Maryland on May 1, 1987
Question: Are stocks suitable for mid term money storage? Answer: You have several options depending on your tolerance for risk. Certainly open an investment account with your bank or through
Question: What is inflation? Answer: Money itself has no value. A gold bar is worth (fuzzy rushed math, could be totally wrong on this example figure) $423,768.67. So, a 1000
Question: What is a normal amount of money to spend per week on food/entertainment/clothing? Answer: As THEAO suggested, tracking spending is a great start. But how about this - Figure
Question: Should I use a bank or a credit union for my savings account? Answer: In practical terms, these days, a credit union IS a small "savings and loan" bank
Question: Would parking at a parking lot near or in my residence prevent me from paying for it with my transit FSA? Answer: No, it doesn't look like you can
Question: Should I use my non-tax advantaged investment account to pay off debt? Answer: Paying off debts will reduce your monthly obligation to creditors (less risk) and also remove the
Question: AVS Address Verification System of BOTH Credit and Debit Cards - WHERE, HOW? Answer: Parts of what you want are possible, but taken as a whole, you're out of
Question: How can cold-callers know about my general financial status Answer: There are multiple social engineering ways.
Question: For SSI, is "authorized user" status on a bank account the same as "ownership"? Answer: Having dealt with with Social Security, state agencies, and banks more than I'd care
Question: I have an extra 1000 per month, what should I do with it? Answer: First check: Do you have all the insurances you need? The two insurances everyone should
Question: Is the interest on money borrowed on margin in/for an RRSP considered tax deductible? Answer: I believe your question is based on a false premise. First, no broker, that
Question: Should I scale down my 401k? Answer: See if they offer a "Target Date" plan that automatically adjusts throughout your career to balance gains against preserving what you've already
Question: Ways to invest my saved money in Germany in a halal way? Answer: What is not permitted in Islam is the practice of making unethical or immoral monetary loans
Question: Is it a good idea to teach children that work is linearly related to income? Answer: I think that is the wrong approach. You certainly need to teach the
Question: Lending to the bank Answer: This will happen automatically when you open an interest-bearing account with a bank. You didn't think that banks just kept all that cash in
Question: Where to Park Proceeds from House Sale for 2-5 Years? Answer: There are some high-yield savings accounts out there that might get you close to 1 percent. Shorter term
Question: Life insurance policy Answer: From the details you have given it looks like you have "Unit Linked" insurance policy. In such policies a part of the premium goes towards
Question: What is the best use of "spare" money? Answer: You may also want to consider short term, low risk investments. Rolling Certificate of Deposits can be good for this.
Question: If I have a lot of debt and the housing market is rising, should I rent and slowly pay off my debt or buy and roll the debt into
Question: Why do most banks in Canada charge monthly fee? Answer: Arguably, "because they can". Canada's banking industry is dominated by five chartered banks who by virtue of their size,
Question: Deductible expenses paid with credit card: In which tax year would they fall? Answer: I'm a CPA and former IRS agent and manager. Whether you are a cash or
Question: How do I calculate the dwelling coverage I need from the information I have? Answer: This is where an insurance agent is very useful. They will help you choose
Question: Do altcoin trades count as like-kind exchanges? (Deferred capital gains tax) Answer: In June 2016 the American Institute of CPAs sent a letter to the IRS requesting guidance on
Question: Why is RSU tax basis based on remaining shares after shares are witheld? Answer: You only got 75 shares, so your basis is the fair market value of the
Question: Why does money value normally decrease? Answer: The reason is governments print extra money to cause inflation (hopefully reasonable) so that people don't just sit comfortably but do something
Question: Company revenue increased however stock price did not Answer: If you believe in the efficient market hypothesis then the stock price reflects the information known to market participants. Consequently,
Question: How come I can't sell short certain stocks? My broker says "no shares are available" Answer: Shorts are difficult because you have to find someone to lend the stock
Question: Is it easier for brokers to find shares to short in premarket? Answer: The shares available to short are a portion of those shares held by the longs. This
Question: What industries soar when oil prices go up? Answer: You can look at it from a fundamental perspective to see who benefits from rising oil prices. That's a high
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: (buy these when you expect the price to go down) You 'lock in' the price you
Question: Double-entry bookkeeping: When selling an asset, does the money come from, Equity or Income? Answer: There are basically two approaches, based on how detailed you want to be in
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: If there's no inflation (or alternately there's deflation) people would tend to sit on money
Question: A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea? Answer: For most people, investing in the stock market directly is one of the last things to
Question: Is there any flaw in this investment scheme? Answer: You didn't win in case B. Borrowing shares and then selling them is known as "selling short". You received $2000
Question: How does cash ISA & share ISA mix together Answer: There are two different types of ISA; the "Cash ISA" for cash savings, and the "Stocks and Shares ISA"
Question: Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under? Answer: There's obviously a lot of discussion surrounding your question, but if I thought
Question: Is it safe to take a new mortgage loan in Greece? Answer: No it is not safe to take out a new mortgage - loan or anything credit related
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: Why would a shareholder lend the investor the shares? Some brokers like IB will pay you to lend your shares: http://ibkb.interactivebrokers.com/node/1838
Question: Borrowed shares how are they tracked? Answer: Brokerage firms are required to report the number of shares being shorted. This information is reported to the exchange (NYSE of NASDAQ)
Question: Why would refinancing my mortgage increase my PMI, even though rates are lower? Answer: Is that an FHA loan you have? And you're wanting to do one of those
Question: What is the fastest way to retire, using passive income on real estate Answer: Rule of thumb: To retire with a yearly income of $X, you need to save
Question: What happens to public shareholders when a public stock goes private? Answer: I can see two possibilities. Either a deal is struck that someone (the company itself, or a
Question: What variety of hedges are there against index funds of U.S. based stocks? Answer: Even though "when the U.S. sneezes Canada catches a cold", I would suggest considering a
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: This is either laundering money or laundering non-money. All the other answers point
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: This happens on dark pools quite often. If I am a large institutional investor with tens of millions
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: If you go through the web pages of some online brokers, you will find out that some of
Question: If I sell a stock that I don't have, am I required to buy it before a certain amount of time? Answer: I'm just began playing in the stock
Question: When does it make sense for the money paid for equity to go to the corporation? Answer: If Jack owns all of the one million founding shares (which I
Question: Is Volvo a public company? Answer: There are two different companies named "Volvo." The publicly-traded company with ticker symbol VOLV-B is called Volvo Group, or AB Volvo. They primarily
Question: Will I receive a 1099-B if I bought stocks but didn't sell? Answer: A purchase of a stock is not a taxable event. No 1099 to worry about. Welcome
Question: Earnings Calendar Fiscal Quarter Ending Answer: Why do stock markets allow these differences in reporting? The IRS allows businesses to use fiscal calendars that differ from the calendar year.
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: I'd say close them if they have fees, if you're worried about fraud or if you're going to
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: You should sell all your stock immediately and reinvest
Question: Is a car loan bad debt? Answer: Here is another way to look at it. Does this debt enable you to buy more car than you can really afford,
Question: If my put option reaches expiration on etrade and I don't log in to the site will it automatically exercise if it's in the money or be a total
Question: What funds were closed during or after the recent recessions? Answer: Yes, many hedge funds (for example) did not survive 2008-2009. But hedge funds were failing both before and
Question: If I were to get into a life situation where I would not be able to make regular payments, do lenders typically provide options other than default? Answer: Some
Question: How to acquire skills required for long-term investing? Answer: I feel that OP's question is fundamentally wrong and an understanding of why is important. The stock market, as a
Question: Paid credit card bill, but money didn't leave my checking account [duplicate] Answer: This is normal for credit cards. As long as you make the credit card company's cutoff
Question: Is it possible to buy stock as a gift for a minor without involving the guardians? Answer: You should talk to a lawyer. One solution I can think of
Question: ETF's for early retirement strategy Answer: If your intention is to purchase ETFs on a regular basis (like $x per month), then ETFs may not make sense. You may
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: The advice to invest in yourself is good advice. But the stock market can be very rewarding over the
Question: Is it legal for a landlord to report a large payment to a tenant using Form 1099? Answer: It is legal. They're probably going to give you a 1099-MISC,
Question: What happens to bonds values when interest rates rise? [duplicate] Answer: You can look at TIPS (which have some inflation protection built in). Generally short term bonds are better
Question: How do you choose which mortgage structure is appropriate when buying a home? Answer: Down payment: Emphatically avoid PMI if at all possible; it's pouring money down the drain.
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: logically, yes. legally, no. any reasonable definition of an "investment" must include some types of gambling and insurance. lottery tickets
Question: How are investment funding valued when invested in a company before it goes public? Answer: This is a question of how does someone value a business. Typically, it is
Question: Is there a law or regulation that governs the maximum allowable interest amount that can be charged on credit cards or in agreements where credit is extended? Answer: In
Question: Can gold prices vary between two places or country at the same time? Answer: The market prices for futures and depository ETFs like GLD and IAU are pretty consistent.
Question: Owner-Financed home sale or Land Contract  how to handle the transaction and the ongoing entity? Answer: You need to talk to a local attorney specializing in real estate
Question: Historical company performance data Answer: I know of no free source for 10 years historical data on a large set of companies. Now, if it's just a single company
Question: Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car? Answer: If you are going to finance a used car, it is frequently best to
Question: How can I find a list of self-select stocks & shares ISA providers? Answer: Try fool.co.uk for getting more information about ISAs: Everything You Need To Know About ISAs
Question: Is a 10 year old uncashed paycheck still good? Answer: You probably can't deposit the check directly, but there are mechanisms in place to get your money through other
Question: Does a bond etf drop by the amount of the dividend just like an equity etf Answer: It may be true for a bond fund. But it is not
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: So the principle is true. Assuming that you get paid bi-weekly, you end up getting three paychecks two months during the
Question: Who creates money? Central banks or commercial banks? Answer: A central bank typically introduces new money into the system by printing new money to purchase items from member banks.
Question: How to get started with savings, paying off debt, and retirement? Answer: Communicate. I would recommend taking a course together on effective communications, and I would also suggest taking
Question: A calculator that takes into account portfolio rebalancing? Answer: R has really good package that lets you calculate the return of rebalanced portfolios. The package is called: PerformanceAnalytics (see:
Question: What does "interest rates", without any further context, generically refer to? Answer: When "people say", each person is referring to whatever he/she is looking at. Interest rates tend to
Question: That "write your own mortgage" thing; how to learn about it Answer: The other answers are talking about seller financing. There is another type of arrangement that might be
Question: How should we prioritize retirement savings, paying down debt, and saving for a house? Answer: Pay the debt down. Any kind of debt equals risk. No debt equals no
Question: What amount of money can a corporation spend on entertainment Answer: There is no simple rule like "you can/can't spend more/less than $X per person." Instead there is a
Question: How feasible would it be to retire just maxing out a Roth IRA? Answer: Assuming you max-out your Roth IRA with $5000 in inflation-adjusted contributions every year from 25-65,
Question: Can a broker refuse to place my limit-orders? Answer: Ethereum trades are not subject to the same rules as securities are. Thats the primary flaw in your assessment. Yes,
Question: How can my friend send $3K to me without using Paypal? Answer: Three ideas: PayPal is probably the best/cheapest way to transfer small/medium amounts of money overseas.
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: The general answer to this is "yes". When you're dealing with single-digit millionaires, the answer
Question: Smart to buy a house in college? Answer: NORMALLY, you don't want to buy in a bad neighborhood. The one exception is "gentrification," that is middle class people are
Question: Why don't SPY, SPX, and the e-mini s&p 500 track perfectly with each other? Answer: The S&P 500 is an index. This refers to a specific collection of securities
Question: Got a large cash sum, wanna buy stocks. Should I buy all at once, or spread it over time? Answer: Depends on what you are, an investor or a
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: As per the chart pattern when ever a stock
Question: Does dollar cost averaging apply when moving investments between fund families? Answer: The first step I would do is determine the asset class mixture for your current portfolio and
Question: Optimal down payment amount Answer: The optimal down payment is 100%. The only way you would do anything else when you have the cash to buy it outright is
Question: What is a good way to keep track of your credit card transactions, to reduce likelihood of fraud? Answer: Sign up for alerts. Everytime you use your card, you'll
Question: Why does quantitative easing negatively affect stocks? Answer: Can you isolate the market impact to just the Fed's quantitative easing? Can you rule out the future economic predictions of
Question: Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance? Answer: If you have been putting savings away for the longer term and have some extra funds
Question: Slow destruction on co-signed property Answer: First off learn from this: Never cosign again. There are plenty of other "tales of woe" outlined on this site that started and
Question: Why do car rental companies prefer/require credit over debit cards? Answer: A few reasons make sense: They have a defined process for rentals, risk assessment, and customer credit. Especially
Question: Is the average true range a better measure of volatility than historical volatility Answer: ATR really looks at the volatility within the day -- So you would be able
Question: Which type of stock order would I use to sell a stock that hits a price or drops below it? Answer: A trailing stop will sell X shares at
Question: Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry Answer: If you think about it, the value of an option comes from the chance that the
Question: Can a shareholder be liable in case of bankruptcy of one of the companies he invested in? Answer: Not normally, for a limited liability company anyway. In extreme circumstances
Question: A little advice pleasecar loan related Answer: Suggested way to make the decision to repair or buy: Figure out what it will cost to repair your car. (If necessary,
Question: What's the fuss about Credit Score / History? Answer: I justed rented a new house, and they ran my credit to see if I am a reliable person.
Question: US Citizen Buying Rental Property in Canada Answer: You've asked a number of questions. I can answer a few. I've quoted your question before each answer. What are the
Question: What are the ins/outs of writing equipment purchases off as business expenses in a home based business? Answer: Keep this rather corny acronym in mind. Business expenses must be
Question: How can I live outside of the rat race of American life with 300k? Answer: An endowment is a large chunk of capital (i.e. money) held by a university
Question: Better rate for investment between CD or savings Answer: Excel has two functions you can use: Your question has the CD with a APR and the savings account that
Question: What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? Answer: Don't over analyze it - check with some local landlords that are willing to share some information and
Question: How credible is Stansberry's video "End of America"? Answer: Predictions, especially doomsday predictions, can go wrong quickly. I would be careful of anyone calling an "end" to a country
Question: Total ETF value decreased after underlying stock increased in price Answer: According to your post, you bought seven shares of VBR at $119.28 each on August 23rd. You paid
Question: Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit? Answer: A good poker player lowers the bet on the downside and increases it on the up,
Question: what does "private equity structures" mean? Answer: Private equity firms have a unique structure: The general partners (GP's) of the firm create funds and manage the investments of those
Question: Individual Investor Safe Reinvest Gains Strategy? Answer: Your idea is a good one, but, as usual, the devil is in the details, and implementation might not be as easy
Question: Should I use regular or adjusted close for backtesting? Answer: A one year period of study - Stock A trades at $100, and doesn't increase in value, but has
Question: How does anyone make significant money on very low volume stocks? Answer: First, I want to point out that your question contains an assumption. Does anyone make significant money
Question: What is a normal amount of money to spend per week on food/entertainment/clothing? Answer: Zero? Ten grand? Somewhere in the middle? It depends. Your stated salary, in U.S. dollars,
Question: Split buying a house 3 ways. How do I approach this? Answer: I would second the advice to not do this. Real estate ownership is complex to begin with,
Question: Automatic transaction on credit card to stay active Answer: Putting money into your Amazon gift card balance is also a very convenient option, but I like these recurring Red
Question: How to pay bills for one month while waiting for new job? Answer: This is just a partial answer, but I believe the following observations are relevant:
Question: Will the ex-homeowner still owe money after a foreclosure? Answer: Generally, yes, although not in all states. According to this article in Time: But in non-recourse states  Alaska,
Question: How much would it cost me to buy one gold futures contract on Comex? Answer: Brokers usually have this kind of information, you can take a look at interactive
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: One approach is to control your budget more effectively. For example work out your essential living expenses things
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: I've done my taxes using turbotax for years and they were not simple, Schedule C (self-employed),
Question: Does Vanguard grant admiral shares only on a per-account basis? Answer: Yes, each of Vanguard's mutual funds looks only at its own shares when deciding to upgrade/downgrade the shares
Question: How does remittance work? How does it differ from direct money transfer? Answer: The Option 2 in your answer is how most of the money is moved cross border.
Question: Optimal Asset Allocation Answer: There are some good answers about the benefits of diversification, but I'm going to go into what is going on mathematically with what you are
Question: Does "income" include capital gains? Answer: For example, if I have an income of $100,000 from my job and I also realize a $350,000 in long-term capital gains from
Question: Does an Executed Limit Order Imply a Spot Price? Answer: I can't say I know everything about the underlying details, but from what I understand, your limit buy adds
Question: Working out of India for UK company from 1 Jan 2016 on contract Answer: Work under UK umbrella company. By this you are thinking of creating a new legal
Question: What typically happens to unvested stock during an acquisition? Answer: This is a great question. I've participated in a deal like that as an employee, and I also know
Question: W-4 and withholding taxes for self-employed spouse Answer: Littleadv is incorrect because receiving a 1099 means she will be taxed self-employment tax on top of federal income taxes. Your
Question: Options strategy - When stocks go opposite of your purchase? Answer: I would make a change to the answer from olchauvin: If you buy a call, that's because you
Question: Is it preferable to move emergency savings/retirement into offset mortgage? Answer: I think the key thing is flexibility - the money is not tied in with the offset mortgage.
Question: Typical return for an IRA? How can I assess if my returns were decent? Answer: To try and address your 'how' it goes a bit like this. You need
Question: Where to find LEAPS option quotes (full chain)? CBOE & Yahoo! Finance not working Answer: I'm familiar with and have traded U.S.-listed LEAPS and I've always used the CBOE
Question: How do I get bill collectors who call about people I know to stop calling me? Answer: If they really won't stop calling you, just waste their time. Usually
Question: IRR vs. Interest Rates Answer: Yes, assuming that your cash flow is constantly of size 5 and initial investment is 100, the following applies: IRR of 5% over 3
Question: Can a buy market order be matched with a sell market order in Forex trading? Answer: If there are no limit orders on the opposite side of the book
Question: What's the purpose of having separate checking and savings accounts? Answer: A checking account is instant access. It can be tapped via check or debit card. A savings account
Question: Totally new to finance, economy, where should I start? Answer: I'd start with learning how to read a company's financial statement and their annual report. I would recommend reading
Question: Is there any downside snapping a picture (or scanning a copy) of every check one writes vs. using a duplicate check? Answer: When banks would return the actual physical
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: I suggest to just invest in index funds, these are low risk with high
Question: Investing in real estate when the stock market is high, investing in stocks when it's low? Answer: The price of real estate reacts to both demand for property and
Question: Why do dishonour fees exist? Answer: In the United States, many banks aim to receive $ 100 per year per account in fees and interest markup. There are several
Question: Why are currency forwards needed? Answer: What is the point of this? Can't I achieve the exact same effect and outcome by exchanging currency now and put that amount
Question: Are there capital gains taxes or dividend taxes if I invest in the U.S. stock market from outside of the country? Answer: Found a great article (with bibliography) that
Question: As co-founder, does Steve Jobs still own enough Apple shares to control Apple Inc.? Answer: Everyone that owns a share of stock in a company is part owner. Some
Question: Should I avoid credit card use to improve our debt-to-income ratio? Answer: If you pay it off before the cycle closes it will look like you have 100% available
Question: Is it better to buy put options or buy an inverse leveraged ETF? Answer: You don't have to think it is going down, it is currently trending down as
Question: Is it legal to charge interest on interest? Answer: Yes it most cases it is legal. Plus depending on how you look at it, the last payment of 1000
Question: In what state should I register my web-based LLC? Answer: Is it really necessary? If $800 / year registration fee is too much to you, an LLC is apparently
Question: In Canada, how much money can I gift a friend or family member without them being taxed on it? Answer: Canada doesn't seem to have a gift tax. http://www.taxtips.ca/personaltax/giftsandinheritances.htm
Question: Books, Videos, Tutorials to learn about different investment options in the financial domain Answer: Investopedia does have tutorials about investments in different asset classes. Have you read them ?
Question: When can we exercice an option? Answer: American options (like those on ADBE) can be exercised by the holder anytime before expiration. They will be exercised automatically at expiration
Question: Reinvesting earnings increases the book value of equity? Answer: The book value is Total Assets minus Total Liabilities and so if you increase the Total Assets without changing the
Question: Why would selling off some stores improve a company's value? Answer: Two different takes on an answer; the net-loss concept you mentioned and a core-business concept. If a store
Question: Can you short a stock before the ex-div. date to make a profit? Answer: When you short a stock and the stock goes ex-div. you have to pay out
Question: Are credit histories/scores international? Answer: Some countries in European Union are starting to implement credit history sharing, for example now history from polish bureau BIK and German Schufa are
Question: Why do passive ETFs require so much trading (and incur costs)? Answer: Now, if I'm not mistaken, tracking a value-weighted index is extremely easy - just buy the shares
Question: Are wash sale rules different for stocks and ETFs / Mutual Funds? Answer: The IRS rules are actually the same. 26 U.S. Code  1091 - Loss from wash
Question: Why is Insider Trading Illegal? Answer: Capitalism works best when there is transparency. Your secret formula for wealth in the stocks should be based on a fair and free
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: As with everything else, it's a question of trade-offs. Pros For Buying In Bulk Cons For
Question: I'm an American in my mid 20's. Is there something I should be doing to secure myself financially? Answer: On average, you should be saving at least 10-15% of
Question: What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity? Answer: The answer is that other than a small number of applications (the approx. 10% of gold production that
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: Leasing is not exactly a
Question: Am I putting myself at any security risks by putting all my money in one bank institution? Answer: For small amounts I wouldn't be too concerned. There are two
Question: Break Even On Options Contracts Answer: I found the answer after some searching online. It turns out that when talking options, rarely is the current P/L line considered when
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: This is a slightly different reason to any other answer I
Question: How to start personal finances? Answer: There are many paths to success, but they all begin with education. You made the first big step just by visiting here. We
Question: My Boss owes money but I am named on letter from debt collection agency (UK) Answer: I would not be overly concerned unless they started contacting you directly on
Question: How much should I be contributing to my 401k given my employer's contribution? Answer: For your first question, the general guidelines I've seen recommended are as follows: As to
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: Your analysis is not comparing apples to apples which is why it looks like investing
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: In general, if you can afford to replace something, you are
Question: Are there contracts for fixed pay vs. fixed pay rates? Answer: Software Contractors are not employees of the company that is procuring the software. Software Contractors necessarily work for
Question: One company asks for picture of my debit card Answer: I don't see a way that this would make matters worse than just giving them the credit card info...
Question: What is inflation? Answer: Inflation is basically this: Over time, prices go up! I will now address the 3 points you have listed. Suppose over a period of 10
Question: Pros and cons of investing in a cheaper vs expensive index funds that track the same index Answer: So, why or why should I not invest in the cheaper
Question: How to calculate the number of months until a loan is paid off (given principal, APR and payment amount)? Answer: The formula for determining the number of payments (months)
Question: Should I finance a used car or pay cash? Answer: One additional reason to pay with cash rather than financing is that you will be able to completely shut
Question: can the government or debt collectors garnish money from any bank account to which the debtor has access? Answer: There is a difference between an owner and a signer.
Question: How does high frequency trading work if money isn't available for 2-3 days after selling? Answer: As previously answered, the solution is margin. It works like this: You deposit
Question: How does remittance work? How does it differ from direct money transfer? Answer: If you are a citizen of India and working in Germany, then you are most likely
Question: New Pooled Registered Pension Plan details? Answer: The general idea of the PRPP is so that small business who cannot afford to offer a plan alone will be able
Question: splitting a joint mortgage - one owner in home Answer: Get a lawyer to put this in contract form, with everything spelled out explicitly. What is fair is what
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: Skimmers are most likely at gas station pumps. If your debit card is compromised
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: One of the more subtle disadvantages to large credit card purposes purchases (besides what the other answer mentions), is that it
Question: MasterCard won't disclose who leaked my credit card details Answer: I found a german article describing the legal situation in Germany. To summarize As outlined by the many possible
Question: Can I negotiate a credit card settlement by stopping payments? Answer: This strategy will have long lasting effects since negative items can persist for many years, making financing a
Question: Pros and cons of bond ETF versus traditional bond mutual fund? Answer: Bond ETFs are just another way to buy a bond mutual fund. An ETF lets you trade
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: For easy math, say you are in the 25% tax bracket. A thousand deposited dollars is $750 out
Question: Interest on Amount Exceeding CC Balance? Answer: In the US, if your monthly statement was issued by the credit card company on January 1 and it showed a balance
Question: Why do 1099 forms take so long for brokerages to prepare and send out? Answer: The simple answer is that brokerages have to close the books at the end
Question: Is CLM a stock or an ETF? Answer: CLM is a Closed End Fund. It is a collection of other securities that trades as if it were stock issued
Question: Is building a corporation a good option? Answer: Creating a corporation is not necessarily less taxes. In fact, you'll face the problem of double taxation, and since you must
Question: How to resolve imbalances and orphan transactions in Gnucash? Answer: I have been following some of these threads. Some of them are really old. I have read used recording
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: It may be the case that some of your debts have
Question: Where can one find intraday prices for mutual funds? Answer: Mutual funds don't have intraday prices. They have net asset values which are calculated periodically (daily or weekly or
Question: Price movement behaviour before earnings announcements Answer: This depends entirely on what the market guesses the news will be and how much of that guess has already been factored
Question: Filing taxes on stocks Answer: Generally stock trades will require an additional Capital Gains and Losses form included with a 1040, known as Schedule D (summary) and Schedule D-1
Question: Can I pay taxes using bill pay from my on-line checking account? Answer: I can't speak for the US, but I've completed direct tax payments via my online bank
Question: College student - I'm a 'dependent' and my parents won't apply for the Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan Answer: If the 6 credits per semester working
Question: What is the lifespan of a series of currency? Answer: Currency lives no more then 50 years. US currency did not expire in last 100 years, but it was
Question: Will I be liable for taxes if I work for my co. in India for 3 months while I am with my husband in UK Answer: The finance team
Question: Anyone please explain the meaning of turnover in this pic? Answer: The Business Dictionary has three definitions of "turnover". When it comes to share dealing, the most likely one
Question: Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months? Answer: I have heard that it is better for your credit score to pay them
Question: Fundamentals of creating a diversified portfolio based on numbers? Answer: Good question. There are plenty of investors who think they can simply rely on intuition, and although luck is
Question: What are the common moving averages used in a "Golden Cross" stock evaluation? Answer: Not sure why this hasn't received any answers yet... the link to the investopedia page
Question: Schwab wants to charge me interest on the money I received for selling TSLA short Answer: I agree with Mark. I was quite confuse about the short position at
Question: Tracking down stocks I own Answer: There's two possibilities. One is that the broker declared your account abandoned and turned over your account to the state. If that happened,
Question: Does money made by a company on selling its shares show up in Balance sheet Answer: Share sales & purchases are accounted only on the balance sheet & cash
Question: Does earning as a non-resident remote worker on an American account make people liable for U.S taxes? Answer: The United States taxes nonresident aliens on two types of income:
Question: Simple and safe way to manage a lot of cash Answer: Overall I think your idea is sound. The key here is to choose that 401k provider wisely and
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: You could consider buying a fairly recent used car from CarMax.
Question: Gold futures' margin Answer: The initial margin is $5940 and maintenance margin $5400. A simple search of Comex Gold Margin gives the CME group site. You then need to
Question: So the vending machine tore my $5 in pieces. What now? Answer: According to the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing, if you have clearly more than one-half of
Question: Joint account that requires all signatures of all owners to withdraw money? Answer: Savings accounts have lower fees. If you don't anticipate doing many transactions per month, e.g. three
Question: ESPP in the UK - worth it? Disqualifying / qualifying sales? Answer: ESPP is common among US companies, often with a framework similar to your outline. In the US,
Question: Is the Yale/Swenson Asset Allocation Too Conservative for a 20 Something? Answer: I don't think the advice to take lots more risk when young makes so much sense. The
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: Many, many good answers here, but I like this one:
Question: Why are big companies like Apple or Google not included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index? Answer: That is a pretty exclusive club and for the most
Question: Does a market maker sell (buy) at a bid or ask price? Answer: I think your confusion has arisen because in every transaction there is a buyer and a
Question: Former public employer that we have options in just sold Answer: The deal is expected to close sometime in Q4. The fluctuation though the day is just noise. The
Question: Was this bill forgotten by a medical provider, and do notices need to be sent before collections? Answer: Sometimes I think a question like this is one of moral
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: If your employer offers a 401(k) match, definitely take advantage of it. It's free money,
Question: How can I get a mortgage I can't afford? Answer: If you can't afford it don't buy it, the next perfect house is just around the corner. The more
Question: Formation of S-Corp for Gambling Trade Answer: In a sole proprietorship AND an LLC, the expenses can still be deducted against the profits or losses from the operations. The
Question: Should I talk about my stocks? Answer: I like your question and think it is a pretty good one. Generally speaking I would not suggest talking about your stock
Question: What's the justification for the DJIA being share-price weighted? Answer: The share-price weighting of the DJIA is a historical artifact. The DJIA remains share-price weighted today because that's the
Question: When is it better to rent and when is better buy in a certain property market? Answer: For US punters, the Centre for Economic and Policy Research has a
Question: Analysis of Valuation-Informed Indexing? Answer: My reaction to this is that your observation @D.W. is spot on correct: It sounds like long-term market timing: trying to do a better
Question: How can I buy an ETF? Answer: First of all, you'll need a securities account. Nowadays, most large banks offer this as a standard product for all their customers,
Question: Is my mortgage more likely to be sold if I pre-pay principal? Answer: It's not unusual/undesirable. If everyone prepaid their mortgage, banks would not like this, but we're in
Question: How separate individual expenses from family expenses in Gnucash? Answer: These sort of issues in structuring your personal finances relative to expenses can get complicated quickly, as your example
Question: If a country can just print money, is global debt between countries real? Answer: The main driver behind countries not printing themselves out of debt is the fact that
Question: How is it possible that a stock has a P/E of 0.01? Answer: See Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK-A) (The Class A shares) and it will all be clear to
Question: Checks not cashed Answer: You're certainly still responsible to pay what you owe the company given that: 1. for whatever reason, the recipient never received the checks. and 2.
Question: Difference between full and mini futures contract Answer: Both of these are futures contracts on the Ibovespa Brasil Sao Paulo Stock Exchange Index; the mini being exactly that, a
Question: Where do I-Bonds fit into personal finance plans? Answer: tl,dr: I-bonds do not fit well into most personal finance plans. First the questions (succinct reference): I like your thought
Question: Is there such a thing as "stock insurance"? Answer: Yes, you can insure against the fall in price of stock by purchasing a put option. You pay for a
Question: What is the difference between a stop order and a stop limit order? Answer: Stop order is shorter term for stop-loss order. The point being that is intended as
Question: Why does the calculation for percentage profit vary based on whether a position is short vs. long? Answer: The problem with rate of return calculation on short positions is,
Question: Stocks and Bonds in Roth IRA vs non-tax-advantaged Answer: You should definitely favor holding bonds in tax-advantaged accounts, because bonds are not tax-efficient. The reason is that more of
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: It would have to be made as a "gift", and then the return would be a "gift" back to you, because you're not
Question: Pay bill now or later? Answer: If you've got the money to pay the bill today, do it. They are giving you a 25% discount if you do. You
Question: Dealership made me the secondary owner to my own car Answer: You are co-signer on his car loan. You have no ownership (unless the car is titled in both
Question: Where to start with personal finance? Answer: My reading list for someone just getting into personal finance would include the following I know it's a bunch but I'm trying
Question: Investment strategy for a 20 year old with about 30k in bank account Answer: Thank you for your service. My first suggestion since your car is a planned for
Question: Why are residential investment properties owned by non-professional investors and not large corporations? Answer: Economy of scale on one side versus "person monetizing an illliquid asset" on the other.
Question: What is the benefit of investing in retirement plan versus investing directly in stocks yourself? Answer: Because retirement account usually are tax effective vehicles - meaning you will pay
Question: How is it possible that a preauth sticks to a credit card for 30 days, even though the goods have already been delivered? Answer: This is not a normal
Question: Should I invest my money in an ISA or Government bonds? (Or any other suggestion) Answer: There are a number of UK banks that offer what passes for reasonable
Question: A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea? Answer: You can start investing with any amount. You can use the ShareBuilder account to purchase "partial"
Question: What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan? Answer: An option that no one has yet suggested is selling the car, paying off the loan in one lump
Question: Dividend vs Growth Stocks for young investors Answer: First, what Daniel Carson said. Second, if you're getting started, just make sure you are well diversified. Lots of growth stocks
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: Your employer decides what options you have in the 401k. You can talk to your HR about
Question: How to motivate young people to save money Answer: In the United States you can't, because the average millennial in the United States has no opportunity to save money.
Question: Is it possible to make quarterly returns in hedge funds? Answer: Your edit indicates that you may not yet be ready to get heavily involved in investing. I say
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: The amount of money you have should be enough for you to live a safe
Question: Simple income and expense report in gnucash Answer: The official guide can be found here, but that can be a little in depth as well. To make good use
Question: How to continuously plot futures data Answer: Note that the series you are showing is the historical spot index (what you would pay to be long the index today),
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: Selling short is simply by definition the selling, then later re-buying of stock you don't initially own. Say you tally your entire
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: Best as i can tell, the simple answer is: the smartest
Question: What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment? Answer: Real estate is not an investment but pure speculation. Rental income may make it look
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: How much is rent in your area? You should compare a rental payment versus your mortgage payment now, bearing in
Question: Live in California but work for Illinois-based company Answer: California and New York are very aggressive when it comes to revenue and taxes. As such, mere having an employee
Question: Loan to son - how to get it back Answer: As per JohnFx's comment above, consider whether it's worth more to you to just write this off. If not,
Question: How to quickly track daily cash expenses that don't come with a receipt? Answer: Go the opposite approach. Budget a certain amount of cash and keep it combined. Don't
Question: What is the next step to collect money after a judgment has been ignored? Answer: A lawyer might be overkill for recovering a judgment. Do a google search for
Question: Question about car loan payment Answer: This depends on what the alternative is. Your loan of .99% is very favorable rate. If you have the 15,000 right now but
Question: Simple and safe way to manage a lot of cash Answer: You can move most or all of those financial products into a single account at one institution, but
Question: Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY? Answer: The reason diversification in general is a benefit is
Question: What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old? Answer: Investing is really about learning your own comfort level. You will make money and
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: Yes, all the shares of a publicly traded company can be purchased. This effectively takes the company private so that it's no longer traded
Question: How can I invest in an index fund but screen out (remove) certain categories of socially irresponsible investments? Answer: Hmm, this would seem to be impossible by definition. The
Question: My ex sold our car that still had money owed Answer: It is a legal issue for two reasons. In the United States if both names were on the
Question: "Correct" answer on Visa credit quiz doesn't make sense Answer: I took the quiz that you linked too and answered with what I considered "ideal" answers with the exception
Question: Buying a house for a shorter term Answer: When on this topic, you'll often hear general rules of thumb. And, similar to the 'only buy stocks if you plan
Question: Form 1040 - where to place my stipend? Answer: Some of the 45,000 might be taxable. The question is how was the stipend determined. Was it based on the
Question: Why are auto leases stubbornly strict about visa status and how to work around that? Answer: In the U.S., most car dealers provide lease financing through one company (usually
Question: Online brokers with a minimum stock purchase lower than $500 Answer: With InteractiveBrokers there is no minimum trade amount, they also offer Australian Equities.
Question: Why is a "long put" called long if you have a higher net position if the price decreases? Answer: You need to interpret "security" appropriately in Wikipedia's definition. You
Question: Offer Price for my stock not shown on quote and a subsequent sale higher than my offer Answer: It depends on the way you have directed the order and
Question: How to rebalance a portfolio without moving money into losing investments Answer: If you are making regular periodic investments (e.g. each pay period into a 401(k) plan) or via
Question: What typically happens to unvested stock during an acquisition? Answer: I worked for a small private tech company that was aquired by a larger publicly traded tech company. My
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: Emergency Account Vault (Windows) I use it to store info about all of my accounts/assets in an encrypted document.
Question: What is the fastest way to retire, using passive income on real estate Answer: You can't calculate how many houses it will take. To do so you would have
Question: How does a brokerage firm work? Answer: The brokerage executes the transactions you tell them to make on your behalf. Other than acting as your agent for those, and
Question: Why was S&P 500 PE Ratio so high on May 2009 Answer: Asking why the p/e was so high is best answered "because reported earnings were so low". Recall
Question: Giving kids annual tax free gift of $28,000 Answer: From the IRS' website: How many annual exclusions are available? The annual exclusion applies to gifts to each donee. In
Question: When is an IPO considered failure? Answer: Different stakeholders have different views of 'failure'. Maybe from Air Berlin's point of view it was a failure, but technically speaking it
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: In the UK, one quirky option in this area (OK, admittedly it's
Question: Where should I invest to hedge against the stock market going down? Answer: If you believe the stock market will be down 20-30% in the next few months, sell
Question: Taxes on transactions of services Answer: It's called bartering and the IRS has a page titled Four Things to Know About Bartering. The summary is - The bottom line
Question: Trading on forex news, Interactive Brokers / IDEALPRO, and slippage Answer: In my experience thanks to algorithmic trading the variation of the spread and the range of trading straight
Question: At what point is it most advantageous to cease depositing into a 401k? Answer: A fascinating view on this. The math of a 10% deposit and projected 10% return
Question: Buying a building with two flats, can I rent one out and still get a residential mortgage? Answer: I'd talk to a solicitor and see if you can structure
Question: Will I be liable for taxes if I work for my co. in India for 3 months while I am with my husband in UK Answer: Generally all the
Question: What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage? Answer: You can hedge your house price from losing value if you believe
Question: 1040 Schedule A Un-Reimbursed Business Expense Reporting Answer: It would be unusual but it is possible that the expenses could be very high compared to your income. The IRS
Question: NYSE & NASDAQ: Mkt Cap: $1 billion+ Answer: Try Google Finance Screener ; you will be able to filter for NASDAQ and NYSE exchanges.
Question: To rebalance or not to rebalance Answer: Yes E[x] is expected value of x. E[x|y] = expected value of x, given y. c, k are some constants Let E[s_{n+1}|s_n=c]
Question: Are there any risks from using mint.com? Answer: With Mint you are without a doubt telling a third party your username and password. If mint gets compromised, or hires
Question: What can I do with "stale" checks? Can I deposit/cash them? Answer: You should write a demand letter immediately, send the letter by certified mail, and then wait 30
Question: Why should the P/E ratio of a growth stock match its percentage earnings growth rate? Answer: To perhaps better explain the "why" behind this rule of thumb, first think
Question: Should I get cash from credit card at 0% for 8 months and put it on loans? Answer: If there is any fee at all on the cash advance,
Question: What is the p/e ratio? Answer: PE ratio is the current share price divided by the prior 4 quarters earnings per share. Any stock quote site will report it.
Question: What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money? Answer: In my experience financial advisors do not normally assist with budgeting and personal
Question: Buying car from rental business without title Answer: I would steer well clear of this. The risk is that they take your money but don't pay the bank. This
Question: How does stabilization work during an IPO? Answer: IPO's are priced so that there's a pop" on the opening day." If I were IPOing my company and the price
Question: Am I entitled to get a maintenance loan? Answer: According to GOV.UK, you can only apply for Student Finance if: Since you don't fulfill the criterion 2 and 3,
Question: Trading large volumes with penny profits per share Answer: How do you know the shares will go up after you buy? The ultimate risk in your scenario is that
Question: How many warrants do I need to exercise to get a stock? Answer: No, you trade the warrant and the warrant price of $11.50 for one stock. The warrant
Question: Paying myself a dividend from ltd company Answer: In a simple case as the sole UK resident director/shareholder of a company, with that company as your only income, you
Question: Table of how many years it takes to make a specified return on the stock market? Answer: It depends on what stocks you invest in or whether you invest
Question: What does dividends passed mean in terms of stock? Answer: A "covenant" is a solemn promise to engage in or refrain from a specified action. Every company must do
Question: How to tell if you can trust a loan company? Answer: Look for people who have done business with them. If you don't know anyone who has used their
Question: GNUCash: How to count up equity? Answer: I would take each of these items and any others and consider how you would count it as an expense in the
Question: When should I start an LLC for my side work? Answer: Not all of the reason to start an LLC is liability (although that is implicit). There are two
Question: how do I calculate rate of return on call options that are spread Answer: You don't necessarily have to use a LEAP to do a spread. Since you are
Question: Can one use Google Finance to backtest (i.e. simulate trades in the past)? Answer: If you use Google Finance, you will get incorrect results because Google Finance does not
Question: What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A "sunk gain"? Answer: The complete opposite of "sunk cost" is the term "unrealized gain"; until you sell it, then it
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: Something you invest in has the ability to grow in value. So examples of investments would be buying stocks,
Question: How can my friend send $3K to me without using Paypal? Answer: If wire transfer through your bank does not work then perhaps one of the more popular money
Question: What type of investments should be in a TFSA, given its tax-free growth and withdrawal benefits? Answer: I think "optimal" is a term that needs to be better qualified
Question: How to change a large quantity of U.S. dollars into Euros? Answer: To transfer US$30,000 from the USA to Europe, ask your European banker for the SWIFT transfer instructions.
Question: Loan holder wants a check from the insurance company that I already cashed and used to repair my car Answer: There are at least three financial institutions involved here:
Question: How do you get out of a Mutual Fund in your 401(k)? Answer: One of the strengths of 401K accounts is that you can move from investment X in
Question: Should I continue to invest in an S&P 500 index fund? Answer: Your 5-8 year time frame is interesting because it is actually a two windows. When people are
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: Typically your paychecks are direct deposited into your bank account and you receive a paycheck stub telling you how much of
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: Let's clarify some things. Companies allow for the public to purchase their shares through Initial Public Offering (IPO) (first-time) and Seasoned Public Offering (SPO)
Question: How do exchanges match limit orders? Answer: The Limit Order are matched based on amount and time. The orders are listed Highest to Lowest on the Buy Side. The
Question: How do we know the number of shorted shares of a stock? Answer: For a company listed on NASDAQ, the numbers are published on NASDAQ's site. The most recent
Question: Which is the better strategy for buying stocks monthly? Answer: You will invest 1000 each month and the transaction fee is 10 per trade, so buying a bunch of
Question: MasterCard won't disclose who leaked my credit card details Answer: As indicated in comments, this is common practice in the US as well as EU. For example, in this
Question: Paying off a loan with a loan to get a better interest rate Answer: Dude- my background is in banking specifically dealing with these scenarios. Take my advice-look for
Question: Is trading stocks easier than trading commodities? Answer: I would not argue if its more difficult, its different, and it much depends what kind of stocks you refer to,
Question: Are limit orders safe? Answer: Limit orders are generally safer than market orders. Market orders take whatever most-favorable price is being offered. This can be especially dangerous in highly
Question: Should I Use an Investment Professional? Answer: Ask yourself the same question for furniture making. Would you feel more comfortable sitting in a chair that you made yourself versus
Question: Uncashed paycheck 13 years old Answer: If this is in the United States, there are laws governing business behavior when they have recorded expenses (checks, bills, etc) which are
Question: Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option? Answer: For index funds to be a poor investment, they would have to perform worse than
Question: Why could rental costs for apartments/houses rise while buying prices can go up and down? Answer: They are two different animals. When you rent you are purchasing a service.
Question: Can a bunch of wealthy people force Facebook to go public? Answer: @Alex B's answer hits most of it, but leaves out one thing: most companies control who can
Question: Car finance (loan) insurance requirements (store car) Answer: Okay, definitive answer for this particular company (Toyota Finance) is (somewhat surprisingly, and glad I asked) it must be fully insured
Question: If a stock has only buyers and no sellers how does its price go up? Answer: Depending on what currency the price is quoted in and is originally sold,
Question: How to calculate PE ratios for indices such as DJIA? Answer: One thing to keep in mind when calculating P/E on an index is that the E (earnings) can
Question: Trying to understand Return on Capital (Joel Greenblatt's Magic Formula version) Answer: Just to clarify things: The Net Working Capital is the funds, the capital that will finance the
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: In general, all forms of debt are bad, as they keep you tied to a financial institution and
Question: Shorting: What if you can't find lenders? Answer: If you can't find anyone to lend you the shares, then you can't short. You can attempt to raise the interest
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: Dividends are not fixed. A profitable company which is rapidly expanding, and thus cash-strapped may very well skip dividends, yet
Question: How much of each stock do index funds hold? Answer: Note that an index fund may not be able to precisely mirror the index it's tracking. If enough many
Question: How can I find out what factors are making a stock's price rise? Answer: A few days ago they launched Fannie Mae Guaranteed Multifamily Structures (link) but who knows?
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: Everybody else has given great answers on what to do, but I just want to add some encouragement. Keep saving. Learn to
Question: When does selling (writing) options count for tax purposes? Answer: If you take the profit or loss next year, it counts on next year's taxes. There's no profit or
Question: what is difference between stock and dividend? Answer: stocks represent ownership in a company. their price can go up or down depending on how much profit the company makes
Question: How can I profit on the Chinese Real-Estate Bubble? Answer: Create, market and perform seminars advising others how to get rich from the Chinese Real-Estate Bubble. Much more likely
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: The interest accrues daily based on the amount
Question: How can I find if I can buy shares of a specific company? Answer: A company whose stock is available for sale to the public is called a publicly-held
Question: Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name? Answer: IANAL, but if you're planning to sell shares in your
Question: When can you adjust for (and re-allow) a disallowed year-end (December) wash-sale loss? Answer: Disallowed losses are created when you buy a stock */- 30 days of a sale
Question: What is the difference between speculating and investing? Answer: In my opinion the difference is semantic. A professional, or someone wanting to present an air of competence, is more
Question: Settling house with husband during divorce. Which of these two options makes the most sense? Answer: How about a third approach: Figure the buyout as above. Figure what percentage
Question: Free, web-based finance tracking with tag/label support? Answer: hledger fits your criteria, have you tried it ? Here's the web interface.
Question: How to know which companies enter the stock market? Answer: For months prior to going public a company has to file financial documents with the SEC. These are available
Question: Do the nasdaq small cap stocks or penny stocks get promoted? Answer: The penny/pink sheet stocks you tend to see promoted are the ones a) with small public floats
Question: Rent or buy with 0 down Answer: In the situation you describe, I would strongly consider purchasing. Before purchasing, I would do the following: Think about your goals. Work
Question: Does Technical Analysis work or is it just a pointless attempt to "time the market"? Answer: The study of technical analysis is generally used (sometimes successfully) to time the
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: You're driving a car worth about $6000 which
Question: The difference between Islamic Banks and Western Banks Answer: To answer your first part, its not an opposition to profit. It's an opposition to usury - the practice of
Question: Received an unexpected cashiers check for over $2K from another state - is this some scam? Answer: Some of these answers are actually wrong. Basically if you were to
Question: What do I need to do to form an LLC? Answer: I know that there are a lot service on the internet helping to form an LLC online with
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: Insurance isn't a product designed to protect against financial loss. The product is
Question: what are the benefits of setting up an education trust fund for children? Answer: Well, first off, if your children are NZ citizens, they can borrow money at 0%
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: I agree that this is a "bad idea" but I want to add in one more reason. Let's
Question: How do I handle fund minimums as a beginning investor? Answer: I like Keshlam's answer and would like to add a few notes: While your enthusiasm to invest is
Question: Taxes on transactions of services Answer: Do Alice and Bob have to figure out the fair market value of their services and report that as income or something? Yes,
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: The least expensive way to buy such small amounts is through ING's Sharebuilder service. You can perform a real-time
Question: Money transfer from India to USA Answer: We have a house here in India worth Rs. 2 Crores. We want to sell it and take money with us. Selling
Question: At what age should I start or stop saving money? Answer: You've never saved money? Have you ever bought anything? There probably was a small window of time that
Question: Why most of apple stock price since 10years have been gained overnight? Answer: I'll answer this question: "Why do intraday traders close their position at then end of day
Question: how does one see the CBOE VIX index on Google Finance? Answer: You can pull up the VIX index on Google Finance by entering INDEXCBOE:VIX
Question: Is there a time limit to cover an open short position? [duplicate] Answer: There are situations where you can be forced to cover a position, particular when "Reg SHO"
Question: Got a "personal" bonus from my boss. Do I have to pay taxes and if so, how do I go about that? Answer: I actually think your boss is
Question: Health insurance lapsed due to employer fraud. How to get medications while in transition? Answer: Your doctor may also have free samples available. You could call, explain your situtation
Question: What percentage of my stock portfolio should be international (non-US) stocks? Answer: Without knowing anything else about you, I'd say I need more information. If all of your investments
Question: How can I check my credit score? Answer: http://annualcreditreport.com/ That's the official site for getting your free yearly credit report (one free per year from each of the 3
Question: Do I need to pay quarterly 1040 ES and 941 (payroll)? Answer: I'm not sure why you're confusing the two unrelated things. 1040ES is your estimated tax payments. 941
Question: What steps are required to transfer real estate into a LLC? Answer: especially considering it has a mortgage on it (technically a home equity loan on my primary residence).
Question: What should I do with my money? Answer: I don't think blanket answers are very helpful. You are asking the right question when you are young! You have a
Question: Quandl financial data : unexpected dividend Answer: For MCD, the 47 is a regular dividend on preferred stock (see SEC filing here). Common stock holders are not eligible for
Question: How dividend payout happens Answer: As the record date is 7th August, you need to hold stocks on the 7th August closing. You need not hold it till 2nd
Question: What's are the differences between "defined contribution" and "defined benefit" pension plans? Answer: In short, defined contribution plans yield different amounts of return based on the market whereas defined
Question: What's a normal personal debt / equity ratio for a highly educated person? Answer: Average person's life I'm going to say there is no normal debt level. Here's the
Question: In Canada, are options available to subsidize conversion of a house into an energy efficient house? Answer: There may be more, but a good starting point would be the
Question: How does Big Money work? (i.e. stocks, Enron, net worth) Answer: 1) You ignore dividends. You can hold your 10 million shares and never sell them and still get
Question: What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations? Answer: JohnFX and TTT provide excellent answers. Researching prices others have paid, being up front that
Question: How does a portfolio of long stocks and short futures generate profits Answer: I know some derivative markets work like this, so maybe similar with futures. A futures contract
Question: How to exercise options when you they're worth more money than you have? [duplicate] Answer: The fact that the option is deep in the money will be reflected in
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: A house is a funny kind of investment. Normally when you invest, you do it to make money.
Question: Do individual investors use Google to obtain stock quotes? Answer: I won't be able to model stock prices using this information. The pros aren't likely to use Google as
Question: What is the next step to collect money after a judgment has been ignored? Answer: Do you have the following information? If the above conditions are met, you can
Question: Is it normal that US Treasury bills(0.07%) yield smaller than interest rate(0.25%)? Answer: Im not sure if its normal/sensical/healthy, and that is kind of opinion based. But there is
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: I've been an F&I Manager at a new car dealership for over ten years, and I can
Question: Is it cheaper to use car Insurance or pay out of pocket? Answer: There's not a single answer here, as the premium you pay for car insurance depends on
Question: How can I find out how much a currency is traded? Answer: This is actually a fairly hard question to answer well as much of the currency trading that
Question: Learning investing and the stock market Answer: It is great that you want to learn more about the Stock Market. I'm curious about the quantitative side of analyzing stocks
Question: Is short selling a good hedging strategy during overzealous market conditions? Answer: I saw that an answer hasn't been accepted for this yet: Being bearish is a good hedging
Question: How can I diversify $7k across ETFs and stocks? Answer: You may want to look into robo-investors like Wealthfront and Betterment. There are many others, just search for "robo
Question: Treasury Bonds, and why has the NYSE 20+ Year Treasury Bond index (AXTWEN) gone up so much in the last year (2011)? Answer: The NYSE 20 Year Plus Treasury
Question: How smart is it really to take out a loan right now? Answer: Yes, it's a buyer's market. If one is looking to buy a house, comparing the cost
Question: Company asking for card details to refund over email Answer: I used to work for a online payment posting company. Anytime a payment is made via Credit Card to
Question: What is a trust? What are the different types of trusts? Answer: A trust is a financial arrangement to put aside money over a period of time (typically years),
Question: Would it ever be a bad idea to convert a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA with the following assumptions? Answer: Even if you're paying a lot of taxes
Question: How much money should I lock up in my savings account? Answer: No, don't bother. You need to decide what you are saving for, and how much risk you
Question: Why is the number of issued shares less than the number of outstanding shares Answer: The language in the starbucks accounts is highly ambiguous. But Starbucks has no treasury
Question: 401(k) lump sum distribution limited because of highly compensated employees? Answer: It's legal. In fact, they are required to do this, assuming you are in fact a HCE (highly
Question: Dealership made me the secondary owner to my own car Answer: Your best bet is to refinance the car in your own name only. Hopefully a year of making
Question: 23 and on my own, what should I be doing? Answer: Congratulations on earning a great income. However, you have a lot of debt and very high living expenses.
Question: Value investing Answer: The Investment Entertainment Pricing Theory (INEPT) has this bit to note: The returns of small growth stocks are ridiculously lowjust 2.18 percent per year since 1927
Question: What are my options for paying off the large balance of my federal, high interest student loans? Answer: As someone with a lot of student loan debt, I can
Question: Is there a way to buy raw oil today and sell it in 1 year time? Answer: There are many ways of investing either directly or indirectly in oil:
Question: 501(3)(c) to donators for trophy party Answer: The good news is that your parent organization is tax exempt and your local organization might be. The national organization even has
Question: Does a bid and ask price exist for indices like the S&P500? Answer: Bid and ask prices of stocks change not just daily, but continuously. They are, as the
Question: My employer doesn't provide an electronic pay stub and I need one to get a car loan Answer: You have a few options and sometimes challenges help us improve
Question: Comparing the present value of total payment today and partial payments over 3 months Answer: What's the present value of using the payment plan? In all common sense the
Question: American taxes if living outside the US and get paid by US company on a US bank account Answer: Technically, if you earn in US (being paid there, which
Question: Making an offer on a property - go in at market price? Answer: From then on we've felt he was really pushy and rushing us to make a decision
Question: Credit Card Approval Answer: Banks use quite a few parameters to arrive at the decision for card approval. The credit score is just one input. There are multiple other
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: Other answers didn't seem to cover it, but most "0%" bank loans (often offered to credit
Question: Selling put and call Loss Scenario Examples Answer: See how you can only make the premium amount but your risk is the same as holding the stock when writing
Question: Nasdaq vs Nasdaq Trade Reporting Facility Answer: You can infer some of the answers to your questions from the BATS exchange's market data page and its associated help page.
Question: Is losing money in my 401K normal? Answer: While historical performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance, I like to look at the historical performance of the markets
Question: Does receiving a 1099-MISC require one to file a tax return even if he normally would not be required to file? Answer: Does he need to file a tax
Question: Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe? Answer: Some comments above are inaccurate. Advertised interest rates for deposits and savings in Russia (from
Question: Can you buy gift cards at grocery store to receive a higher reward rate? Answer: In a similar situation I wrote about How I Made $4,000+ on a Cash
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: For the specific example you gave, a CD with a 0.05% rate of return, I'd
Question: How much cash on hand should one have? Answer: You seem to have a grasp of the basic principles involved, but your estimation of the risk you are taking
Question: For insurance, why should you refuse $4,000/year for only 10 years and prefer $500/year indefinitely? Answer: The breakeven amount isn't at 8 years. You calculated how many years of
Question: How should one structure a portfolio given the possibility that a Total Stock Market Index might decline and not recover for a long time? Answer: Generally, you need something
Question: Why invest in becoming a landlord? Answer: As a landlord for 14 years with 10 properties, I can give a few pointers: be able and skilled enough to perform
Question: What is a call spread and how does it work? Answer: A bullish (or 'long') call spread is actually two separate option trades. The A/B notation is, respectively, the
Question: Using cash back rewards from business credit card Answer: A C-Corp is not a pass-through entity, any applicable taxes would be paid by the Corporation, which is a separate
Question: What are the common income tax deductions used by "rich" salaried households? Answer: One of the main tax loopholes more readily available to the wealthy in the U.S. is
Question: On paper I have 1 share in my company. How can I sell a smaller percentage of my company to another party? Answer: Simple: Do a stock split. Each
Question: Should I be claiming more than 1 exemption? Answer: J - Approaching the answer from the W4 perspective (for calculation purposes) may be more trouble that it's worth. I'd
Question: What is a good way to keep track of your credit card transactions, to reduce likelihood of fraud? Answer: One trick is to make all purchases end in a
Question: Dealing with Form 1099 Answer: Am I required to send form 1099 to non-US citizens who are not even residing in the US? Since they're not required to file
Question: Buy tires and keep car for 12-36 months, or replace car now? Answer: If You use the car regulary, I don't think that driving on the bald tires for
Question: What is a 401(k) Loan Provision? Answer: As Mhoran answered, typical match, but some have no match at all, so not bad. The loan provision means you can borrow
Question: Multiple hard inquiry for a single loan from car dealer? Answer: Each goes to a different agency. Yes, it is normal that the lender queries more than one agency.
Question: Why does Warren Buffett say his fund performance, relatively, is likely to be better in a bear market than in a bull market? Answer: To understand his comments about
Question: Should I wait to save up 20% downpayment on a 500k condo? Answer: The simple answer is yes - put 20% (or more) down. In the past I have
Question: Stock spread: wide vs. narrow? Answer: The point is that the bid and ask prices dictate what you can buy and sell at (at market, at least), and the
Question: Why did the Swiss National Bank fix the EUR/CHF exchange rate at CHF 1.20? Answer: Due to the issues in the Eurozone, many foreign investors were buying Swiss Francs
Question: Acquiring first office clothes Answer: Sounds like you're a man, so you're in luck. Our formalwear all looks similar enough that you can get by on a very short
Question: Types of investments with built-in puts or similar safety features Answer: Many mutual funds include such mechanisms. However, the higher fees for those funds (when compared to simple index
Question: Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing? Answer: Los Angeles Times Investing 101 http://www.latimes.com/business/la-moneylib,0,3098409.htmlstory Clark Howard's Investing Guide http://www.clarkhoward.com/news/clark-howard/personal-finance-credit/clarks-investment-guide/nFZK/
Question: Withdraw funds with penalty or bear high management fees for 10 years? Answer: Most financial "advisors" are actually financial-product salesmen. Their job is to sweet-talk you into parting with
Question: What capital gains taxes do I owe on stock sales in India? Answer: Long term: Assuming you sold stock ABC through a registered stock exchange, e.g., the Bombay Stock
Question: I'm getting gouged on prices for medical services when using my HSA plan. How to be billed fairly? Answer: First, as noted in the comments, you need to pay
Question: Do developed country equities have a higher return than emerging market equities, when measured in the latter currency? Answer: What you were told isn't an absolute truth, so trying
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: I think it is just semantics, but this example demonstrates what they mean by that: If you put $100
Question: Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year? Answer: Maybe it's just because of the foundation date. If I start a company on August 1st,
Question: What should my finances look like at 18? Answer: The golden rule is "Pay yourself first." This means that you should have some form of savings plan set up,
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: Most people who have over $250,000 in liquid cash savings would not
Question: Why can't the Fed lower interest rates below zero? Answer: Keep in mind that the Federal Reserve Chairman needs to be very careful with his use of words. Here's
Question: Wells Fargo Brokerage has no shares of stock to short Answer: This is the bird's eye view of how shorting works: When you place an order to sell a
Question: Comparing keeping old car vs. a new car lease Answer: Regarding the opportunity cost comparison, consider the following two scenarios assuming a three-year lease: Option A: Keep your current
Question: What risks are there acting as a broker between PayPal and electronic bank transfers? Answer: This is definitely a scam. My husband was inquiring with a "company" that was
Question: Why the S&P futures prices are not reflecting the general bullish sentiment of the US stock market Answer: This is a great question for understanding how futures work, first
Question: Would investing equally in all 30 companies which comprise the DJIA net the same performance as the DJIA? Answer: MD-Tech's answer is correct. Let me only point out that
Question: How do I fold side-income into our budget so my husband doesn't know? Answer: Maybe you can just hang onto the cash and upgrade the things you buy for
Question: Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy different stocks? Answer: Probably. It sounds like you're looking for a 1031-exchange for stocks and bonds. From
Question: Are there any countries where citizens are free to use any currency? Answer: Shops in most touristic places tend to accept major currencies (at least dollar and euro). I
Question: Interaction between health exchange and under-65 Medicare coverage Answer: First off, you should contact your health plan administrator as soon as possible. Different plans may interact differently with Medicare;
Question: Mortgage sold to yet another servicer. What are my options? Answer: Your mortgage terms are locked in; the servicer/new owner cannot change the terms without your consent, but the
Question: Which mutual funds is Dave Ramsey talking about in The Total Money Makeover? [duplicate] Answer: See the Moneychimp site. From 1934 to 2006, the S&P returned an 'average' 12.81%.
Question: Historic prices for currencies, commodities, Answer: My guess it's a legal agreement between Yahoo and data provider on what data can be stored, displayed and for how long. Check
Question: If I'm going to start doing my own taxes soon, do I need to start keeping receipts for everything? Answer: It's rare that you'd start to itemize before you
Question: Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income? Answer: I'm going to echo Phil and say that you should add more information. That being said,
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: Your mortgage represents a negative cash flow of $X for N months. The typical mortgage prepayment doesn't reduce your
Question: How does the process of "assignment" work for in-the-money Options? Answer: I often sell covered calls, and if they are in the money, let the stock go. I am
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: We aim to keep 6 months of expenses. The rationale
Question: Taxes for citizen of EU country #1 living in EU country #2 and working from home for non-EU country #3? Answer: You will almost certainly be paying taxes in
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: I wish I had learned my lesson from the dot com bubble
Question: What ways are there to invest in stocks, options, indexes, etc, and where should one start (what funds)? Answer: I take the route of the tortoise. I subscribe to
Question: What argument(s) support the claim that long-term housing prices trend upward? Answer: Several people have mentioned the obvious: inflation. But let's assume we are talking about real (inflation adjusted)
Question: How could I find someone to find a room for me to live in? (For a fee, of course.) Answer: There are services, usually associated with real estate agents,
Question: Can a car company refuse to give me a copy of my contract or balance details? Answer: You won't be able to sell the car with a lien outstanding
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: Among the other fine answers, you might also consider that owning a vehicle
Question: How exactly could we rank or value how "rich" a company brand is? Answer: Matt explains the study numbers in his answer, but those are the valuation of the
Question: How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading? Answer: Buybacks do not increase the company's value. Cash is traded for outstanding shares. This is similar to a dividend, but
Question: Opening a bank account with cash: How should bills be presented? Answer: In the US, banks, businesses and the government stack cash. That's how you should present it to
Question: Is there software to buy and sell stocks in real time on very small moves in price? Answer: I'm answering in a perspective of an End-User within the United
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: A big issue for historical data in banking is that they don't/can't reside within a single system. Archives
Question: How to explain quick price changes early in the morning Answer: http://www.marketwatch.com/optionscenter/calendar would note some options expiration this week that may be a clue as this would be the
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: Some of this is demand management. The local BJ's wholesale club sells gas $0.10-0.15/gallon less than
Question: How should I handle taxes for Minecraft server donations? Answer: First to clear a few things up. It is definitely not a gift. The people are sending you money
Question: Options for the intelligent but inexperienced Answer: Realize this is almost a year old, but I just wanted to comment on something in Dynas' answer above... "Whenever you trade
Question: Is the MBA an overrated degree/qualification? Answer: The quality of the MBA is really what decides if it's worth it. You have to make sure the school where you
Question: Car value is almost equal to GMFV with still 2 years to go on PCP Answer: The "guaranteed minimum future value" isn't really a guarantee so much as the
Question: Should I change 401k investment options to prepare for rising interest rates? Answer: As others have pointed out your bond funds should have short durations, preferably not more than
Question: Does the uptick rule apply to all stocks/ETFs and other securities, or only specific ones? Answer: The uptick rule is gone, but it was weakly reintroduced in 2010, applied
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: Peace of mind is the key to your question. Just before the US housing bust of 2007, I had someone try to convince me
Question: How can I judge loan availability? Answer: Your credit rating will rise once the loan is repaid or paid regularly (in time). It will not get back to normal
Question: What's the best use for this money? Its only a small amount but can make a big difference to me Answer: First and foremost, it's about changing habits. It
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: Don't use a "credit repair" agency. They are scams. One of the myriad of ways in which they work is by
Question: Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income? Answer: As a CPA I can say, without a doubt, you do not owe any federal income
Question: When can you use existing real estate as collateral to buy more? Answer: Generally, when you own something - you can give it as a collateral for a secured
Question: collateralized mortgage obligations Answer: Say there are 5 people took loan of $100000 each. Those 5 people work in different jobs and have different capacity to payoff loan. Someone
Question: How do exchanges match limit orders? Answer: The total limit book is a composite of all the orders on all of the exchanges. While it's uncommon for a limit
Question: Choosing the "right" NAPFA advisor, and whether fees are fair, etc.? Answer: Some sample prices for straightforward pay-for-hours-or-deliverables planners: I think I've seen some similar rates elsewhere, too. I'd
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: When I was in a similar situation (due to my stocks going up), I quit
Question: Buying a house, Bank or rent to own? Answer: With no numbers offered, it's not like we can tell you if it's a wise purchase. -- JoeTaxpayer We can,
Question: What evidence or research suggests that mid- or small-capitalization stocks should perform better than large caps? Answer: I think it's safe to say that Apple cannot grow in value
Question: Is the need to issue bonds a telltale sign that the company would have a hard time paying coupons? Answer: One more scenario is when the company already has
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: I wouldn't buy a house at this time. Your credit card debt is the most expensive thing
Question: Small investing for spending money? Answer: Just to offer another alternative, consider Certificates of Deposit (CDs) at an FDIC insured bank or credit union for small or short-term investments.
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: most of the people who lurk in money.se will probably tell you to spend as
Question: Investment for beginners in the United Kingdom Answer: Before jumping into stock trading, do try Mutual Funds and Index funds, That should give you some good overview of the
Question: What to make of historical stock market volatility? Answer: The first thing to realize is that the type of chart you saw is not appropriate for long-term comparisons. The
Question: Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon? Answer: Perhaps it was to close a short position. Suppose the seller had written the calls at
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: From http://blog.ometer.com/2008/03/27/index-funds/ , Lots of sensible advisers will tell you to buy index funds, but importantly, the advice is not simply "buy
Question: Why is a stock that pays a dividend preferrable to one that doesn't? Answer: Check out the questions about why stock prices are what they are. In a nutshell,
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: It depends on the selling price, but if
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: You can have a positive expected return on a lottery ticket purchase, but only if
Question: Why do people build a stock portfolio if one could get a higher return from bank interest than dividend per annum? Answer: Stock prices aren't constant; they rise and
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: My parents and I were suckered into buying this
Question: Any Ubiquitous Finance App That is on Mac, iOS and Windows? Answer: You can try SplashMoney. It works on many platforms, including iPhone, iPod and Mac, but also Palm
Question: Old Cancelled Cards Answer: FICO 08, a newer fico formula that many lenders are simultaneously switching to now, ignores artificially lengthened credit history/score by piggybacking. So don't feel left
Question: Freelancing and getting taxes taken out up front instead of end of year? Answer: Maybe I can explain a little clearer: Your LLC is not a person, and cannot
Question: What's behind the long secular bull market in U.S. Treasuries? Answer: In a secular bull market, strong investor sentiment drives prices higher, as participants, over time, are net buyers.
Question: ETF vs Mutual Fund: How to decide which to use for investing in a popular index? Answer: The factors to consider:
Question: What is the best way to invest in gold as a hedge against inflation without having to hold physical gold? Answer: Definitely look at CEF. They have tax advantages
Question: Strategies for putting away money for a child's future (college, etc.)? Answer: Saving for college you have a couple of options. 529 plans are probably the best bet for
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: As of 2014, this answer is deprecated. Read answer here for recent developments up to January 2015.
Question: I have around 60K $. Thinking about investing in Oil, how to proceed? Answer: One possibility would be to invest in a crude oil ETF (or maybe technically they're
Question: Do company-provided meals need to be claimed on my taxes? Answer: I believe there is an overtime meal allowance. That is, if an employee works "overtime" (defined as 7:00
Question: How does a public company turn shares into cash? Answer: how do they turn shares into cash that they can then use to grow their business? Once a Company
Question: Want to buy above market price? Answer: Yes, you can do this buy placing a conditional order to buy at market if the price moves to 106 or above.
Question: What considerations are there for making investments on behalf of a friend? Answer: Pool their money into my own brokerage account and simply split the gains/losses proportional to the
Question: What are the typical repayment plans for Credit Cards in the United States? Answer: It is called "Credit card installments" or "Equal pay installments", and I am not aware
Question: Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading? Answer: it is pretty much the same as a normal margin loan but cheaper because you don't own the underlying share.the
Question: Why is everyone saying how desperately we need to save money "in this economy"? Answer: This was called Financial repression by Edward S. Shaw and Ronald I. McKinnon from
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: I think you already have a lot of good ideas here. I also don't agree with going with a company to
Question: How to choose a company for an IRA? Answer: The fees for Vanguard and Fidelity IRA housing cannot be lower, because they are zero. Depending on the fund you
Question: What kind of value do retail investors look for in managed futures and fx? Answer: I'm not downvoting you because I can relate, in a way, to your post
Question: Digital money pots? Answer: I guess it depends on your bank. My bank (Rabobank) recently did introduce this feature. You don't get a card per category, though. Instead you
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: Yes, nothing is impossible! :) You can buy it directly from
Question: Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments by Selling Originally Bought Shares Answer: The market can stay irrational longer than you can remain solvent -John Maynard Keynes The
Question: Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy different stocks? Answer: Yes. As long as the stock is in a taxable account (i.e. not a
Question: Retirement savings vs building lucrative assets Answer: Fahad, in finance we make a distinction between investments that tend to grow in value and assets that hold value. Investments that
Question: Canada: New mortgage qualification rules, 2010: Why, what, & when in effect? Answer: The new mortgage qualification rules were introduced to cool a hot Canadian housing real estate market.
Question: Do I need another health insurance policy? Answer: I understand that if I have multiple health insurance policies, I can only make claim from only one of them if
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: Check with your bank. As of January, 2015, the following banks and credit unions are offering free
Question: What's the difference between Buy and Sell price on the stock exchange [duplicate] Answer: The same as when you are buying a car. If a dealer quotes 10k and
Question: Paying tax for freelance work while travelling Answer: Having freelanced myself in South America I could give you a sound advice BUT you would first need to answer some
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it. --Publilius Syrus. Gold has value because people want to buy it. Electronics manufacturers
Question: Buy US ETF as foreigner  a bad idea? Answer: A quick update for people finding this thread through Google. With the help of a few awesome Bogleheads, I
Question: Can individuals day-trade stocks using High-Frequency Trading (HFT)? Answer: The answer is to your question is somewhat complicated. You will be unable to compete with the firms traditionally associated
Question: How can I find a report of dividend earned in a FY? Answer: Log in to kotak securities demat account. THere, you can find statement of your sell purchase
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: They're taking advantage of float. Like so many things in the financial world today, this practice
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: The main point to consider is that your payments toward your own home replace your rent. Any
Question: Can you buy gift cards at grocery store to receive a higher reward rate? Answer: If you go to a grocery store and purchase retail gift cards along with
Question: Investment options Answer: You are only 33, with plenty of time to generate long-term returns. A correction is an opportunity for you to buy more at a lower price.
Question: Do classes have to pay sales tax on materials used? Answer: In most jurisdictions, both the goods (raw materials) and the service (class) are being "sold" to the customer,
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: I would behave exactly as I would expect it from others. If you were the one giving
Question: How can I help others plan their finances, without being a "conventional" financial planner? Answer: You know there is a small group of individuals who focus on strictly planning
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: The only time I've bothered with stop orders is when I think the position is in a particularly
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: In addition to the other answers, I think you would also need to account for the increased utility and maintenance costs on the more expensive
Question: When is Cash Value Life Insurance a good or bad idea? Answer: Buy term and invest the difference is certainly the standard recommendation, and for good reason. When you
Question: How much power does a CEO have over a public company? Answer: This is a very good question and is at the core of corporate governance. The CEO is
Question: Where should my money go next: savings, investments, retirement, or my mortgage? Answer: I'd invest in yourself. Start up a side business. Take a certification class that gets your
Question: What do these numbers mean? (futures) Answer: The two answers given previously provide excellent information. In relation to your statement: If I buy the above future contract, does that
Question: Mortgage loan and move money to US Answer: Let me restate question for clarity. Facts: Question: Are there any taxes for this transaction? Answer: (Added improvements provided by Eric)
Question: First time homeowner and getting a mortgage? Answer: I second the suggestions for your local credit union and asking co-workers who might also be in the process of a
Question: What investments work for these goals? Answer: Assuming this will be a taxable account (since you want to pull income off of it, although this will lower wealth growth),
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: The difference between the two numbers is that the market size
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: During the hyperinflation of the Wiermer republic, corporate stocks and convertible bonds were thought second only to the species (gold, silver
Question: Is it financially advantageous and safe to rent out my personal car? Answer: The moment that you start to rent your car to strangers you are talking about using
Question: If accepting more than $10K in cash for a used boat, should I worry about counterfeiting? Answer: I'd not do business under these terms. A bill of sale needs
Question: How to manage household finances (income & expenses) [duplicate] Answer: My wife and I have close to equal incomes, and are not young. What we have is this: Some
Question: Is there any real purpose in purchasing bonds? Answer: You ask a question, "Is there any real purpose in purchasing bonds?" and then appear to go off on a
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: Whatever you do, don't take your retirement savings to Vegas. Second, you should also consider investment
Question: What are the common moving averages used in a "Golden Cross" stock evaluation? Answer: Different moving averages work and not work for different indexes. I have seen simulations where
Question: Why do only a handful of Canadian companies have options trading on their stocks? Answer: First, your question contains a couple of false premises: Options in the U.S. do
Question: Passive vs. active investing past performance comparison/data? Answer: The Telegraph had an interesting article recently going back 30 years for Mutual's in the UK that had beaten the market
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: Sample Numbers: Owe $100k on house. House (after 'crash') valued at: $50K. Reason for consternation: What rational person
Question: What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why? Answer: You're right, the asset allocation is one fundamental thing you want to get right in your
Question: Net Cash Flows from Selling the Bond and Investing Answer: Investopedia has a good explanation of the term shorting which is what this is. In the simplest of terms,
Question: How to read DOJI chart pattern correctly? Answer: Candle stick patterns are generally an indication of possible short term changes in price direction (if a reversal pattern). A doji
Question: Should the price of fuel in Australia at this point be so high? Answer: (disclaimer: I don't answer specifically about Australia) As long as people don't question car usage
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: I'll offer another answer, using different figures. Let's assume 6% is the rate of
Question: Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there? Answer: Buy a prepaid gift card, such as a
Question: Should I pay off my mortgage, begin retirement savings, or build my emergency fund? Answer: Welcome to Money.SE. I will say upfront, Personal Finance is just that, personal, and
Question: Placing limit order and stop loss on same stock at same time Answer: Although this is possible with many brokers, it's not advisable. In many cases you may end
Question: Real estate agent best practice Answer: There are people that make up a small segment of the population that have an unsatisfied need to see the insides of other
Question: For the first time in my life, I'm going to be making real moneywhat should I do with it? Answer: On the one hand, it's a great idea to
Question: Is a website/domain name an asset or a liability? Answer: This depends on your definitions of assets and liabilities. The word "asset" has a fairly straight forward definition. Generally
Question: Personal finance app where I can mark transactions as "reviewed"? Answer: Not web-based, but both Moneydance and You Need A Budget allow this.
Question: Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest? Answer: Here's the issue as I see it. The fact that
Question: Should I save for my children's university education in Canada, or am I better off paying off loans and gaining debt room? Answer: At the very least I'd look
Question: Is it possible to influence a company's actions by buying stock? Answer: Another form of 'shareholder' activism. You might be able to buy a single share, which it seems
Question: Can one use dollar cost averaging to make money with something highly volatile? Answer: That doesn't sound like dollar cost averaging. That sounds like a form of day trading.
Question: I am a contractor with revenue below UK's VAT threshold. Should I register for VAT? Answer: I love the flat rate VAT scheme. It's where you pay a percentage
Question: Historical company performance data Answer: Morningstar has that 10 history at http://financials.morningstar.com/ratios/r.html?t=JNJ&region=usa&culture=en-US
Question: How can I escalate a credit dispute when the bureau "confirms" the item? Answer: I was I a similar position as you, and sometimes credit bureaus might be difficult
Question: How to manage paying expenses when moving to a weekly pay schedule and with a pay increase? Answer: Its really, really good of you to admit your short comings
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: Make a menu of 15 (or more) things you like to eat. Write a grocery list for what it takes. Divide that
Question: Which USA Brokerage Firms can I transfer my India stocks to? Answer: You might what to check out Interactive Brokers. If your India stock is NSE listed they might
Question: Why are options created? Answer: At my soon to be legendary Stock Options Cafe, I recently wrote an article "Betting On Apple at 9 to 2." It described a
Question: Owning REIT vs owning real estate - which has a better hypothetical ROI? Answer: REIT's usually invest in larger properties (apartment complexes), individuals usually invest in small properties (single
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: You're absolutely correct. If you have maxed out your retirement investment vehicles and have some additional
Question: How come I can't sell short certain stocks? My broker says "no shares are available" Answer: You can't short a stock unless there is someone willing and able to
Question: How much of a down payment for a car should I save before purchasing it? Answer: I'd put more money down and avoid financing. I personally don't think car
Question: Possible to use balance transfers to avoid interest with major credit cards? Answer: Sure of course you can do balance transfers like this but you are way late to
Question: Why do banks encourage me to use online bill payment? Answer: One other aspect of this is that the bank will plan to eventually approach the merchant that they
Question: What happens when a (Internation) Central securities depository goes bankrupt? Answer: There is no generic answer and it would depend on case to case basis. CSD are built on
Question: Is there any advantage to owning equity in a company compared to a royalty agreement? Answer: Each way you go is a little bit of a gamble. Owning equity
Question: Personal finance management: precise or approximately? Answer: If you are off by coins, how can you be sure that you only made a typo and didn't miss a transaction?
Question: What could cause a stock to trade below book value? Answer: A company's stock value is indicative of the market's collective belief of the future of the company. The
Question: Where can I see the detailed historical data for a specified stock? Answer: To see a chart with 1-minute data for a stock on a specific date: For example,
Question: Is it accurate to say that if I was to trade something, my probability of success can't be worse than random? Answer: The stock market is not a zero-sum
Question: When to use a stop limit order over a stop order Answer: This is to protect your position in specific highly volatile market conditions. If the stock is free
Question: Privacy preferences on creditworthiness data Answer: See the first item in the list: For our everyday business purposes  such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond
Question: What is the rough estimate of salary value for a taxpayer to pay AMT? Answer: Alternative Minimum Tax is based not just on your income, but moreso on the
Question: Why are "random" deposits bad? Answer: Random deposits are a bit like playing the lotery - especially if one is frequently chasing "hot tips". You might make it big,
Question: Do I still need to file taxes with the Canadian government if I am working in the U.S. on a TN visa for a few years? Answer: The other
Question: Is it a bad idea to invest a student loan? Answer: This answer is better served as a comment but I don't have enough rep. It is not guaranteed
Question: How separate individual expenses from family expenses in Gnucash? Answer: In your words, you want to "easily determine whether an item was purchased as part of our individual accounts,
Question: Difference between IRR and ROR Answer: There may be differences in different contexts, but here's my general understanding: Rate of Return (or Return on Investment) is the total gain
Question: File bankruptcy, consolidate, or other options? Answer: If your parents can afford to shell out $1,250 a month for 5 years, they would pretty much have the debt paid
Question: Estimate probability distribution of profit on investment Answer: There is no simple answer to that, because no one knows exactly what the probability distribution of S&P 500 returns is.
Question: Are companies like EquityZen legitimate and useful? Answer: Stuff I wish I had known, based on having done the following: Obtained employment at a startup that grants Incentive Stock
Question: Where are all those unsold vehicles? Answer: Other than being reduced to clear as others have suggested quite a few get sold to large motor stores. You can often
Question: Is it bad practice to invest in stocks that fluctuate by single points throughout the day? Answer: Its hard to write much in those comment boxes, so I'll just
Question: Can signing up at optoutprescreen.com improve my credit score? Answer: Unsolicited credit checks like that don't affect your credit score. Those checks only count if they result from you
Question: Why is a home loan (mortgage) cheaper than gold loan? Answer: Why is a home loan (mortgage) cheaper than gold loan? It has to do with risk. Lending money
Question: Where can I get interesting resources on Commodities? Answer: Here are some pretty big name news agencies which have a section dedicated to commodities: CNN Bloomberg Reuters
Question: How does the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) divisor change to account for dividends? Answer: Scrip dividends are similar to stock splits. With a stock split, 100 shares can
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: If you need a new roof because your house is full of buckets that fill up every
Question: Bi-weekly payment option Answer: Biweekly pay for salaried employees is typically calculated as Annual-salary / 26. Twice a month pay for salaried employees is typically calculated as Annual-salary /
Question: What is the best strategy for after hours trading? Answer: First you will need a plan stating three main points: You will have to decide what criteria you will
Question: For a car, would you pay cash, finance for 0.9% or lease for 0.9%? Answer: If you want the new car, pay cash for it. Here's why: By paying
Question: How does one value Facebook stock as a potential investment? Answer: In the long term, a P/E of 15-25 is the more 'normal' range. With a 90 P/E, Facebook
Question: Source of income: from dividends vs sale of principal or security Answer: Some people have this notion that withdrawing dividends from savings is somehow okay but withdrawing principal is
Question: Why is the fractional-reserve banking not a Ponzi scheme? Answer: The Ponzi/Madoff schemes were closed loops, so the only source of the so-called "interest" on the money was the
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: Perhaps it's the terminology "fee" that makes it a little confusing. I'm not sure whether it's due legislation
Question: Do I have to explicitly apply for claim of tax rebate u/s 87A in India Answer: If my salary slip says that I will be paying x INR tax
Question: how do capital gains work if you don't know the original purchase price? Answer: There are two scenarios to determine the relevant date, and then a couple of options
Question: Trading on forex news, Interactive Brokers / IDEALPRO, and slippage Answer: Slippage is tied to volatility, so when volatility increases the spread will also increase. There is no perfect
Question: Can I transfer money from a personal pension to a SIPP, while leaving the original pension open? Answer: Yes it's entirely possible; see below. If you can't find anything
Question: How common are stock/scrip dividends (as opposed to cash dividends) in US equity markets? Answer: There's not usually a point to issuing new stock as a dividend, because if
Question: What makes a Company's Stock prices go up or down? Answer: Here are some significant factors affect the company stock price performance: Usually, profitability is known to the public
Question: How can one go short in Uber? Answer: Pay someone a fee to borrow their private Uber shares, then sell those private shares to someone else, then find someone
Question: How are various types of income taxed differently in the USA? Answer: Long-term capital gains, which is often the main element of investment income for investors who are not
Question: Medical Bill Consolidation Answer: In short, no, or not retroactively. There really are multiple companies involved, each of which bills you separately for the services they provided. This can
Question: Can individual investors buy precious metals at the spot price? Answer: The futures market allows you to take delivery at the lowest cost. Most people don't deal in 100oz
Question: Why is the stock market closed on the weekend? Answer: The stock markets are closed on week-ends and public holidays because the Banks are closed. The Banking is a
Question: Should I buy a house or am I making silly assumptions that I can afford it? Answer: The rules of thumb are there for a reason. In this case,
Question: Can Mutual Funds Invest In the Start Up Market? Answer: Bloomberg suggests that two Fidelity funds hold preferred shares of Snapchat Inc.. Preferred shares hold more in common with
Question: Option settlement for calendar spreads Answer: First off, you should phone your broker and ask them just to be 100% certain. You will be exercised on the short option
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: If you're asking this question, you probably aren't ready
Question: Is being a landlord a good idea? Is there a lot of risk? Answer: Rather than thinking of becoming a landlord as a passive "investment" (like a bank account
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: A bridge loan (or bridging loan) is designed for exactly this circumstance. They're short-term loans (6 months
Question: What could happen to Detroit Municipal bonds because of Detroit's filing for bankruptcy? Answer: What could happen to bonds such as these because of Detroit filing for bankruptcy? Depending
Question: Tax Write-offs and knowing how much I need to spend before the end of the year Answer: (I'm assuming USA tax code as this is untagged) As the comments
Question: Which types of insurances do I need to buy? Answer: Evaluate if the Rs 5 million term insurance is sufficient. Typically the term insurance provided by employer is in
Question: Why do I get a much better price for options with a limit order than the ask price? Answer: Sounds to me like you're describing just how it should
Question: Can I default on my private student loans if I was an international student? Answer: What are the consequences if I ignore the emails? That would depend on how
Question: How is it possible that a preauth sticks to a credit card for 30 days, even though the goods have already been delivered? Answer: It is barely possible that
Question: Opening 5 credit cards at once with no history to ruin, is it a good idea? Answer: Yes, this is definitely possible. You can optimize your credit worthiness within
Question: Exotic Car Flipping as a Strategic Investment? (US-CAN) Answer: You can greatly reduce the risk if you can line up a buyer prior to purchasing the car. That kind
Question: How could USA defaulting on its public debt influence the stock/bond market? Answer: Regarding the Summer of 2011 Crisis: There is NO reason that the United States cannot continue
Question: When and how should I pay taxes on ForEx trades? Answer: I guess Bitcoin are not that popular yet and hence there are no specific regulations. If currently it
Question: Do I not have a credit score? Answer: I'm the contrarian in the crowd. I think credit scores and debt are the closest thing to evil incarnate. You're in
Question: How can home buying be considered a sound investment with all of that interest that needs to be paid? Answer: The flaw in your reasoning is that you are
Question: Can my accounting for Tax Basis differ from my broker's Answer: No. If you didn't specify LIFO on account or sell by specifying the shares you wish sold, then
Question: Where do countries / national governments borrow money from? Answer: Sovereign states borrow money explicitly in a two primary ways: A sovereign cannot be compelled to repay debt, and
Question: What are some factors I should consider when choosing between a CPA and tax software Answer: I'm glad keshlam and Bobby mentioned there are free tools, both from the
Question: How to hedge a long stock position that does not have options Answer: If there are no traded options in a company you can get your broker to write
Question: Naked calls and buying the stock later Answer: Has anyone done this before? I'm sure someone has, but it doesn't completely remove any price risk. Suppose you buy it
Question: 83(b) and long term capital gain Answer: You should apply for 83(b) within 30 days. 10 months is too late, sorry.
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: Excel Pros: Cons:
Question: Stock portfolio value & profit in foreign currency Answer: It's very simple. Use USDSGD. Here's why: Presenting profits/losses in other currencies or denominations can be useful if you want
Question: Why can't the government simply payoff everyone's mortgage to resolve the housing crisis? Answer: TARP was ~$475 billion of loans to institutions. Loans that are to be paid back,
Question: Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won't continue to live there your whole life Answer: In the Netherlands specifically, there are several reasons to
Question: Can I rely on my home equity to finance large home repairs? Answer: Yes, a HELOC is great for that. I just had my roof done last month (~$15K,
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: Systemic and well know patterns in sales are priced in to the security. Typically companies with very
Question: How is the time-premium on PUT options calculated Answer: According to Yahoo, AAPL was trading at $113.26 at 1:10 PM on 11/13/15, which is the approximate time of your
Question: How can I help my friend change his saving habits? Answer: Get him the book "Total Money Makeover" (http://www.amazon.com/Total-Money-Makeover-Classic-Financial/dp/1595555277/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1448904191&sr=8-1&keywords=total+money+makeover) and tell him to follow the baby steps. If he
Question: Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds? Answer: For your base question, yes. (Barring some major
Question: How can I determine which stores are regarded as supermarkets for a rewards credit card? Answer: Looks like a user-contributed list is the only good solution to this question,
Question: Would there be tax implications if I used AirBnB as opposed to just renting out a unit normally? Answer: Given your clarifying comment that you're asking about the length
Question: Sites to obtain historical chart of currency exchange rates? Answer: OANDA has a free online tool (a Java applet) that will do what you're asking. Description: Currency Graph FXGraph:
Question: How should we organize our finances to effectively plan and prepare for an retirement in next 10 years? Answer: Wow! First, congratulations! You are both making great money. You
Question: Selling To Close Answer: At the higher level - yes. The value of an OTM (out of the money) option is pure time value. It's certainly possible that when
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: If you
Question: Questioning my Realtor Answer: even though they're only asking for 1/2 the money and have excellent credit that the mortgage company may not lend it to them if I'm
Question: How to invest in stocks without using an intermediary like a broker? Can shares be bought direct? Answer: Am I wrong? Yes. The exchanges are most definitely not "good
Question: Due Diligence - Dilution? Answer: Your best bet is to just look at comparative balance sheets or contact the company itself. Otherwise, you will need access to a service
Question: What is the best, low risk investment I can make now? Answer: TL;DR - go with something like Barry Ritholtz's All Century Portfolio: 20 percent total U.S stock market
Question: If early exercise is a bad idea, why American option is more expensive than European [duplicate] Answer: There are a few situations in which it may be advantageous to
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: Paying off your house quickly should be a #2-level priority, behind making sure you have some basic savings
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: Your #1 problem is the Government both in it's form as a taxation outfit and as
Question: What is needed to be a "broker"? Answer: You must understand that: So, if you -- the prospective buyer -- are in Waukegan, do you take the train all
Question: Paying off mortgage or invest in annuity Answer: There is no formula to answer the question. You have to balance return on investment with risk. There's also the question
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Sometimes. If
Question: Asset allocation when retirement is already secure Answer: As others are saying, you want to be a bit wary of completely counting on a defined benefit pension plan to
Question: Beginner questions about stock market Answer: If I bought 1 percent share of company X, Most countries company X, is treated as a separate legal entity than individual. So
Question: Can I open a Solo 401(k) if I am an independent contractor but also work part-time as an employee? Answer: I'm in a similar situation as I have a
Question: Investing in commodities, pros and cons? Answer: Another disadvantage is the inability to value commodities in an accounting sense. In contrast with stocks, bonds and real estate, commodities don't
Question: Why are credit cards preferred in the US? Answer: Your question is based on a false premise. Debit cards are more popular in the US than credit cards are.
Question: What does it mean when the broker does not have enough shares to short? Answer: For Canada No distinction is made in the regulation between "naked" or "covered" short
Question: Stocks in India, what is the best way to get money to US Answer: From India Point of view; someone may put the US point of view ... As
Question: Why are big companies like Apple or Google not included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index? Answer: The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a Price-weighted index.
Question: Split buying a house 3 ways. How do I approach this? Answer: Get everything in writing. That includes ownership %, money in, money out, who is allowed to use
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: I believe the banks are protecting themselves when they "require" your endorsement. Years ago. they used to ask for your
Question: Is inflation inapplicable in a comparison of paying off debt vs investing? Answer: Debt is nominal, which means when inflation happens, the value of the money owed goes down.
Question: Applying student loan proceeds toward tuition? Answer: Your university should have a finance department which can help with payments. Speak with them and tell them you have interest in
Question: Are PINs always needed for paying with card? Answer: Like email and spam, fighting creditcard fraud is a cat and mouse game, with technology and processes constantly being developed
Question: how late can i put money into an IRA and still have it count for 2015? Answer: The IRA contribution for the year are allowed until the tax day
Question: Ways to avoid being labeled a pattern day trader Answer: Sorry but you already provided the answer to your own question. The simple answer is to 'not day trade'
Question: Should I cancel an existing credit card so I can open another that has rewards? Answer: Cancelled cards don't fall off the system for a long time, up to
Question: Over contributing to workplace pension or private pension Answer: Firstly (and this part is rather opinion-based) I would absolutely not think of making more pension contributions when you are
Question: Relation between inflation rates and interest rates Answer: Is it true that due the to the increase in interest rates that inflation is likely to increase as well? It
Question: What's the fuss about identity theft? Answer: Everything lies in In the end. How many days/weeks/months/years can you wait for your money back?
Question: How can I trade in U.S stock exchange living in India by choosing the broker in U.S? Answer: It is more easier if you select a Broker in India
Question: Will depositing $10k+ checks each month raise red flags with the IRS? Answer: You're getting confused between several different things. 10K - cash transactions over $10,000 are reported to
Question: I am a Resident Alien for tax purposes. Can I claim exemptions from the India - US Tax Treaty (21)? Answer: I was able to find several references that
Question: Should the poor consider investing as a means to becoming rich? Answer: Yes, you can indeed become rich by investing even small amounts over time. Let's say that you
Question: How do you invest in real estate without using money? Answer: Sounds like the seminar is about using OPM (other people's money), which means you're going to have to
Question: How much money are you actually trading with options? Answer: You would have paid $880.00 plus commission in this case, and made $85 before commissions. How much you would
Question: What does APR mean I'm paying? Answer: Credit Cards typically charge interest on money you borrow from them. They work in one of two ways. Most cards will not
Question: Wash sale rules in India (NSE/BSE) Answer: I sold it at 609.25 and buy again at 608.75 in the same day If you Sold and bought the same day,
Question: Money limit to pay tax for Patreon Answer: If you are in the US, you legally must file taxes on any income whatsoever. How much you will pay in
Question: What happen in this selling call option scenario Answer: But what happen if the stock price went high and then go down near expiry date? When you hold a
Question: If I have all this stock just sitting there, how can I lend it out to people for short selling? Answer: Typically, as an individual, you can't just decide
Question: When does it make sense for the money paid for equity to go to the corporation? Answer: The check is written to BigCo. Jack is being diluted, corporation issues
Question: Working abroad in Australia, what is involved financially and administratively? Answer: We don't seem to have (m)any expats or Australians on the site yet, but I'll share what I
Question: Claiming business expense from personal credit card Answer: There is no law that requires you to have a separate bank account for your business, or to pay all expenses
Question: Is it possible to improve stock purchase with limit orders accounting for volatility? Answer: The simplest solution to fire-and-forget is to pick something like a Target Date mutual fund
Question: Does borrowing from my 401(k) make sense in my specific circumstance? Answer: I see you've marked an answer as accepted but I MUST tell you that STOPPING your 401k
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: Credit cards have three important advantages. None of them are for day-to-day borrowing of money. Safety - Credit cards have better
Question: Being a 1099 for a company I part-own? Answer: The contract he wants me to sign states I'll receive my monthly stipend (if that is the right word) as
Question: How can I find out what category a merchant falls into for my credit card's cashback program? [duplicate] Answer: Not clear what you're asking. Are you trying to figure
Question: What is the meaning of "writing put options"? Answer: Suppose you're writing a put with a strike price of 80. Say the share's(underlying asset) price goes down to 70.
Question: For somebody that travels the same route over and over again, what are some ways to save on airfare? Answer: I remember when humorist Dave Barry discussed some guy
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: At twenty-two, you can have anywhere between 100%-70% of your securities portfolio in equities. It is
Question: How can I make a profit by selling a stock short? Answer: Being "long" - expecting the price to go up to make a profit - is a two
Question: Hedging against an acquisition of a stock Answer: For a cheaper hedge , you can try a call spread. e.g if you shorted a stock at 40 but are
Question: Looking to buy a property that's 12-14x my income. How can it be done? Answer: It is your choice to have "insignificant income", and that has consequences. One is
Question: Why do card processing companies discourage "cash advance" activities Answer: Square charges a 2.75% fee (which the merchant pays), so you would be losing money if you only got
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: Well, I know why the Rabobank in the Netherlands does it. I can go back around one year
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: I have money withdrawn near when the bill is due (not early at all)
Question: Are cashiers required to check a credit card for a signature in the U.S.? Answer: Per their merchant agreements, Visa and MasterCard say that the signature on the back
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: Just one further point to add to what everyone
Question: Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit? Answer: I answered a similar question, How will going from 75% Credit Utilization to 0% Credit Utilization affect
Question: How to calculate car insurance quote Answer: Former software developer at an insurance company here (not State Farm though). All of the above answers are accurate and address how
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: Sounds like you are a candidate for stock trading simulators. Or just pick stocks and
Question: Would I need to keep track of 1099s? Answer: You have to file and issue each one of them a 1099 if you are paying them $600 or more
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: In one of your comments you say: Even if the pharmacy is not in the insurance provider
Question: What should my finances look like at 18? Answer: If you're making big money at 18, you should be saving every penny you can in tax-advantaged retirement accounts. (If
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: As a rule, purchasing fairly priced (minus a spread) insurance on
Question: Ways to invest my saved money in Germany in a halal way? Answer: You can invest in a couple of Sharia-conform ETFs which are available in Germany and issued
Question: Strategy for investing large amount of cash Answer: What you put that money into is quite relevant. It depends on how soon you will need some, or all, of
Question: How to resolve imbalances and orphan transactions in Gnucash? Answer: This started as a comment but then really go too long so I am posting an answer: @yarun, I
Question: Why would a restaurant offer a very large cash discount? Answer: Another possible reason for this is to benefit the servers. When patrons pay with a credit card, they
Question: How can I deal with a spouse who compulsively spends? Answer: Perhaps it seems harsh, but I would get separate accounts: credit cards, savings, retirement, all the way down
Question: Is there a list of OTC stocks being added to the major exchanges? Answer: Check your broker's IPO list. Adding a new stock to a stock exchange is called
Question: merging transactions in 8949 Answer: From the instructions: If you do not need to make any adjustments to the basis or type of gain or loss (short-term or long-term)
Question: What differentiates index funds and ETFs? Answer: I think that assuming that you're not looking to trade the fund, an index Mutual Fund is a better overall value than
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: If this 'scam' has a name, address and/or phone number, I forward it to the FBI anonymously.
Question: Why is it rational to pay out a dividend? Answer: The main reason, as far as I can see, is that the dividends are payments with which the shareholders
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: If so, then if company A never pays dividends to its shareholders, then what is
Question: Buying a mortgaged house Answer: If someone owns a house that is not paid off...can someone buy it by taking another mortgage? Yes, but I'm not sure why you
Question: Military Separation Answer: It's not usually a good idea to buy a house as an investment. Buy a house because you want the house, not for an investment. Your
Question: What does the phrase "To make your first million" mean? Answer: I'd interpret it as "Net Worth" reached 1M where "net worth" = assets - liabilities.
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: When there are no buyers, you can't sell your shares, and you'll be stuck with them until there is
Question: If I donate depreciated stock to charity, can I deduct both the market value and the capital loss? Answer: No, it doesn't work like this. Your charitable contribution is
Question: Do my parents need to pay me minimum wage? Answer: Yes they do. Here is the main page on minimum wage for the province of British Columbia. This page
Question: Extra cash - go towards mortgage, or stock? Answer: It's six of one a half dozen of another. Investing the cash is a little more risky. You know exactly
Question: How do i get into investing stocks [duplicate] Answer: Spend your first 50 euros on research materials. Warren Buffett got started as a boy by reading every book in
Question: How can I buy and sell the same stock on the same day? Answer: you need minimum of 25k otherwise youll reach a limit. you have to wait 3
Question: Why is it not a requirement for companies to pay dividends? Answer: This answer will expand a bit on the theory. :) A company, as an entity, represents a
Question: Should I move my money market funds into bonds? Answer: One thing to note before buying bond funds. The value of bonds you hold will drop when interest rates
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: Aside from the calculations of "how much you save through reducing interest", you have
Question: How to negotiate when you have something to give back? Answer: I don't think that there is a generic answer that will apply to this question across all goods.
Question: How to sell a stock in a crashing market? Answer: What is essential is that company you are selling is transparent enough. Because it will provide additional liquidity to
Question: Shouldn't a Roth IRA accumulate more than 1 cent of interest per month? Answer: There are a couple of misconceptions I think are present here: Firstly, when people say
Question: Should I cancel an existing credit card so I can open another that has rewards? Answer: You're right to keep the oldest one. That's an asset to your credit
Question: Buying shares- Stocks & Shares ISA, or Fund & Share account? Answer: The main difference is that the ISA account like a Cash ISA shelters you from TAX -
Question: Increase or decrease amount to be withheld each pay period? Answer: If you know that your tax situation is not easily handled by the standard withholding table then you
Question: Is there any instance where less leverage will get you a better return on a rental property? Answer: If you are calculating simple ROI, the answer is straightforward math.
Question: What are the fundamental levels that makes a Stock Ideal? (either to sell or buy) Answer: for buying: High PE, low debt, discount = win. a company with high
Question: Invest in (say, index funds) vs spending all money on home? Answer: Rules of thumb? Sure - Put down 20% to pay no PMI. The mortgage payment (including property
Question: Books, Videos, Tutorials to learn about different investment options in the financial domain Answer: Those are some very broad questions and I don't think I can answer them completely,
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: There are a number of bona fide reasons to consider here.
Question: When a company liquidates, are earlier investors paid back first? Answer: All shares of the same class are considered equal. Each class of shares may have a different preference
Question: How is Butterfly Trade Strategy good if the mid Strike price is already past? Answer: One way to look at a butterfly is to break it into two trades.
Question: Is there a bank account that allows ACH deposits but not ACH withdrawals? Answer: Yes, kinda. Talk to local banks about a business account, and tell them you want
Question: Using credit cards online: is it safe? Answer: Why do online services ask for all those CVV codes and expiration date information, if, whenever you poke the card out
Question: How can a person with really bad credit history rent decent housing? Answer: This tale makes me sad the more I learn of it. I am impressed with your
Question: Simple and safe way to manage a lot of cash Answer: As your question appears in the second half, so will my answer. Like you, I will provide some
Question: What taxes does a US citizen doing freelance work (self-employed) in the UK have to pay to the US government? Answer: You will be filing the exact same form
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: Apart from legal requirements to have insurance, e.g. 3rd party car that other answers have covered well. We can think of all insurance as protecting
Question: Who owned my shares before me? Answer: Not sure about US. In India all Demat shares have a unique identity. Incase of splits or merging of shares, new ID's
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: Let me first start by defining an emergency fund. This is money which is: Because emergency's
Question: Can I claim GST/HST Input Tax Credits (ITCs) on Uber, taxi, or limousine fares? Answer: Apparently Canadians have not been paying any tax on Uber rides, and will only
Question: What's the benefit of a credit card with an annual fee, vs. a no-fee card? Answer: Just to make this a little less vauge, I will base everything on
Question: How to send money from europe to usa EUR - USD? Answer: The website http://currencyfair.com/ provides a service which gives you both a decent exchange rate (about 1% off
Question: If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know? Answer: Ditto other answers, but I'd add there's a lot of psychology going on
Question: Ideas on how to invest a relatively small amount of British pounds Answer: First I assume you are resident for tax purposes in the UK? 1 Put 2000 in
Question: How will Brexit affect house mortgages? Answer: Nobody can predict the affects of Brexit but it is wise to consider them. We saw the pound weaken after the vote
Question: How do you quantify investment risk? Answer: For a retail investor who isn't a Physics or Math major, the "Beta" of the stock is probably the best way to
Question: value of guaranteeing a business loan Answer: The standard goal of valuing anything is to seek the fair price for that thing in the open market. Depending on what
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: I would highly recommend the Dave Ramsey book "The Total Money Makeover".
Question: How much power does a CEO have over a public company? Answer: The shareholders elect the board of directors who in turn appoint a CEO. The CEO is responsible
Question: What does it mean that stocks are "memoryless"? Answer: With my current, limited knowledge (see end), I understand it the following way: Are share prices really described as "memoryless"?
Question: Transferring money between two banks Answer: The US (in fact the global) banking industry is subject to Anti-Money Laundering & Counter-Terrorism funding laws, slowing down funds transfer eliminates a
Question: Under specific conditions can I write off Spotify or other streaming audio services? Answer: Nice try. No. If you were in the music industry, you might have a case.
Question: Convention for adding ishares (ETFs) into personal accounts Answer: ETF is essentially a stock, from accounting perspective. Treat it as just another stock in the portfolio.
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: You can fairly simply make a spreadsheet in your favorite spreadsheet application (or in
Question: Online brokers with a minimum stock purchase lower than $500 Answer: The $500 minimum is a policy of the ASX. As such any broker that offered a different policy
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: I would personally suggest owning Mutual Funds or ETF's in a tax sheltered account, such
Question: Merchant dispute with airline over changed itinerary Answer: Are you on Twitter? If so, the first thing I'd do is tweet this question to @Orbitz and/or @AmericanAir (AA). I'll
Question: My employer is switching 401k plan providers. How might this work in practice? Answer: Having gone though this type of event a few times it won't be a problem.
Question: Wash sale rule + Mutual Funds/ETFs? Answer: I think the IRS doc you want is http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2010_publink100010601 I believe the answers are:
Question: How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading? Answer: Companies already have to protect themselves against employees trading the company's shares with insider information. They typically do that in
Question: Is the amount taxable if my grandfather sells agricultural land Answer: As your is a very specific case, please get an advice of CA. It should not cost you
Question: Merchant dispute with airline over missed flight, and which credit cards offer protection? Answer: EDIT To answer what I think you question is: I do not know of anything
Question: Can after-hours trading affect options pricing? Answer: Typically the settlement price for a financial instrument (such as AAPL stock) underlying a derivative contract is determined from the average price
Question: Some stock's prices don't fluctuate widely - Is it an advantages? Answer: What is your investment goal? Many investors buy for the long haul, not short-term gain. If you're
Question: Do algorithmic trading platforms typically have live-data access to stock data? Answer: Yes, Interactive Brokers is a good source for live data feeds and they have an API which
Question: How do I calculate the dwelling coverage I need from the information I have? Answer: Never take the first quote. Consider what it would really cost to replace the
Question: What's a normal personal debt / equity ratio for a highly educated person? Answer: Curious, are you asking about average, or the good numbers? The median family doesn't have
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: I have done this last year. Just open an account with an online brocker and buy a couple of
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: You're paying 5.2% 'interest' on the $115K (500
Question: That "write your own mortgage" thing; how to learn about it Answer: It sounds like you are describing "seller-financed" mortgages (also sometimes called "self-financed", where "self" is the seller).
Question: Do I not have a credit score? Answer: Generally, if you have a loan, you have a credit score. But since you have never had a loan before, then
Question: Is there any drawback in putting all my 401K into a money market fund? Answer: What you're describing is called timing the market. That is, if you correctly predict
Question: I have a 2008 HHR under finance it needs a new engine Answer: I know, this isn't a direct answer to your question about unloading a used car-- I've
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: I like many of the answers, but here is a summary of reasons: Almost everyone will retire, and it is almost
Question: Pros/cons for buying gold vs. saving money in an interest-based account? Answer: As Michael McGowan says, just because gold has gone up lots recently does not mean it will
Question: Will having a secondary signee with bad credit on a mortgage raise or lower interest? Answer: between two people purchasing a house together, one with good and one with
Question: Figuring out an ideal balance to carry on credit cards [duplicate] Answer: I think this advice to carry a balance each month is nonsense. You're just wasting money that
Question: What happens to an options contract during an all stock acquisition? Answer: Depends on your contract, cash or shares delivered? If shares, then you get 5 BIG shares. Theres
Question: I am not VAT registered. Do I need to buy from my supplier with excl VAT prices or incl VAT? Answer: It's quite common for VAT-registered businesses to quote
Question: "Infinite Banking" or "Be Your Own Bank" via Whole Life Insurancewhere to start? Answer: Why would you give them the money and borrow it back? If you didn't give
Question: Where can I open a Bank Account in Canadian dollars in the US? Answer: Give Harris Bank a call; they might be able to help you As of August
Question: Debit card for minor (< 8 y.o.) Answer: In the UK, the Osper card would do the trick exactly. The closest thing I can find in the US is
Question: Can limits be placed by a merchant on which currency notes are accepted as legal tender? [duplicate] Answer: Can they reject a hundred dollar bill as a payment of
Question: Does the IRS reprieve those who have to commute for work? Answer: You cannot deduct commute expenses. Regarding your specific example, something to consider is that if the standard
Question: If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account? Answer: It sounds like you're mixing a simple checkbook register with double-entry bookkeeping.
Question: What determines price fluctuation of groceries Answer: That is true. Since commodities are basically a futures contract, their actual price is not reflected in grocery stores. It is more
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: Good professional tax advice is expensive. If your situation is simple, then paying
Question: Should I invest in my house, when it's in my wife's name? Answer: The prenup complicates things. The traditional vow of a marriage is "What's mine is yours, what's
Question: Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel? Answer: When I went on vacation to London a few years ago, I looked around at banks with ATM deals with
Question: How are bonds affected by the Federal Funds Rate? Answer: The federal funds rate is one of the risk-free short-term rates in the economy. We often think of fixed
Question: Can I open a Solo 401(k) if I am an independent contractor but also work part-time as an employee? Answer: If you have self-employment income you can open a
Question: Construction loan for new house replacing existing mortgaged house? Answer: Presumably the existing house has some value. If you demolish the existing house, you are destroying that value. If
Question: ESPP advantages and disadvantages Answer: Advantage: more money. The financial tradeoff is usually to your benefit: Given these, for having your money locked up for the average length of
Question: How does a defined contribution plan work Answer: The end result is basically the same, it's just a choice of whether you want to base the final amount you
Question: What does quantitative easing 2 mean for my bank account? Answer: IMO, QE2 will likely have no perceptible impact in the near term. Keeping all of your savings in
Question: Are there any countries where citizens are free to use any currency? Answer: If I understand correctly, you're actually asking why there isn't a society whose members generally accept/use
Question: What exactly is a wealth management platform? Answer: It's a tech buzzword. OK I'm being a bit glib. A Wealth Management Platform is a software system designed to help
Question: How can I increase my hourly pay as a software developer? Answer: You are paid hourly? I would have expected most IT people to be on salary Depends what
Question: Should I re-allocate my portfolio now or let it balance out over time? Answer: Personally I'm not a huge fan of rebalancing within an asset class. I would vote
Question: From Facebook's perspective, was the fall in price after IPO actually an indication that it went well? Answer: Discussing individual stocks is discouraged here, so I'll make my answer
Question: Tax withheld by USA working in UK (Form 1042-S and Form 1099) Answer: Why was I sent both 1042-S and 1099. Which amount is the right amount that has
Question: Why do some companies (like this company) have such a huge per share price? Answer: Simple answer is because the stocks don't split. Most stocks would have a similar
Question: Cash or Bonds (UK) Answer: The 'appropriate' amount of cash/bonds to hold will be largely a matter of opinion, but here are the general reasons why having at least
Question: How does a change in market cap affect a company's operational decisions? Answer: In practical terms, it shouldn't. Market cap changes every day (assuming public trading, of course) or
Question: Should market based health insurance premiums be factored into 6 months emergency fund savings? Answer: The guideline for the size of an emergency fund is just a guideline. I've
Question: Car finance (loan) insurance requirements (store car) Answer: Very generally speaking if you have a loan, in which something is used as collateral, the leader will likely require you
Question: When can we exercice an option? Answer: Owners of American-style options may exercise at any time before the option expires, while owners of European-style options may exercise only at
Question: How to rebalance a passive portfolio if I speculate a war is coming? Answer: Normally, in a war everybody suffers and the entire economy goes down. Military contractors do
Question: Why does the biotechnology industry have such a high PE ratio? Answer: Residential Construction at 362x, by the way. I'm going to hazard a guess here - Say XYZ
Question: When a company liquidates, are earlier investors paid back first? Answer: This would be governed by bankruptcy law... there is no reason a healthy company would take such action.
Question: Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Answer: One major benefit to being able to buy discounted company stock is that you can sell in-the-money covered calls and potentially make
Question: Why don't companies underestimate their earnings to make quarterly reports look better? Answer: Stating poor estimates in advance will lower your share price to compensate for thge extras boost
Question: Should a retail trader bother about reading SEC filings Answer: I use 10-K and 10-Qs to understand to read the disclosed risk factors related to a business. Sometimes they
Question: Is there data and proof that a diversified portfolio can generate higher returns than the S&P 500 Index? Answer: Stocks, Bonds, Bills, and Lottery Tickets notes the work of
Question: As an investing novice, what to do with my money? Answer: I'd keep the risk inside the well-funded retirement accounts. Outside those accounts, I'd save to have a proper
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: I actually love this question, and have hashed this out with a friend of mine where my premise was
Question: Where can I borrow money for investing? Answer: Borrow money and start a business. Follow your business plan and invest in yourself and your entrepreneurship. If you mean invest
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: Given that the 6 answers all advocate similar information, let me offer you the alternate scenario
Question: Owing state tax Interest and a result of living in Maryland and working in Virginia Answer: The reciprocity agreement in the Washington DC area means that you only pay
Question: What's the connection between P/E ratio and growth? Answer: So, the price-earnings ratio is price over earnings, easy enough. But obviously earnings are not static. In the case of
Question: Can you sell a security through a different broker from which it was purchased? Answer: I'm in the US and I once transferred shares in a brokerage account from
Question: Under what circumstance will the IRS charge you a late-payment penalty for taxes? Answer: Years ago I mailed my personal tax return one day after the due date, and
Question: Can individual investors buy precious metals at the spot price? Answer: There are various exchanges around the world that handle spot precious metal trading; for the most part these
Question: Should I invest in the world's strongest currency instead of my home currency? Answer: A currency that is strong right now is one that is expensive for you to
Question: Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement? Answer: You aren't in trouble yet, but you are certainly on a trajectory to be later.
Question: How can I get a wholesaler ID number? Answer: Seems like it's more dependent on who you want to be your supplier. The times I've been involved in requesting
Question: Why isn't money spent on necessities deductible from your taxes? Answer: Law is a mass of special cases, informed by but not driven by some general principles. Tax law
Question: How can I build up my credit history when I have nearly none Answer: You're going to have a huge problem getting approved for anything as long as you
Question: Invest all at once after maxing out Roth IRA - or each time I contribute? Answer: If you are like most people, your timing is kind of awful. What
Question: Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? Answer: If they could really do this, do you really think they would be wasting their
Question: How much time does a doctor's office have to collect balance from me? Answer: If they had told me that I owe them $10,000 from 3 years ago, I
Question: Why do US retirement funds typically have way more US assets than international assets? Answer: You need growth in your retirement fund. Sad to say but the broad U.S.
Question: If a mutual fund did really well last year, then statistically speaking, is it likely going to do bad this year? Answer: From a mathematical point of view the
Question: Multiple SEO companies claiming I have a past-due invoice Answer: Reading stuff like this makes me want to go into the debt collection business. Just send letters to random
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: The credit card may have advantages in at least two cases: In some instances
Question: How does the futures market affect the stock market? Answer: Can someone please explain how traders and investors use this price difference to trade? People use the price difference
Question: Explanations on credit cards in Canada Answer: I think it's worth pointing out explicitly that the biggest difference between a credit card (US/Canada) and a debit card (like your
Question: How did I end up with a fraction of a share? Answer: Fractional shares don't occur from Dividend Reinvestment Programs - residual credit is carried over until there is
Question: Putting borrowed money into an SIPP Answer: You may have misunderstood some parts of the system. If you make a pension contribution in any given year, the tax relief
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: Index funds: Some of the funds listed by US SIF are index funds. ETFs: ETFdb has a list, though
Question: declaring payments to a credit card for a shared expense Answer: If this is a business expense - then this is what is called reimbursement. Reimbursement is usually not
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: So the bank can (theoretically) compare that signature to the ID you provide, showing that the names and signatures match
Question: Fringe Benefits (Lodging) for single member S-Corp Answer: If you use "a room or other separately identifiable space" within your apartment exclusively for your business, then you might be
Question: Margin when entered into a derivative contract Answer: Derivatives derive their value from underlying assets. This is expressed by the obligation of at least one counterparty to trade with
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: It would have to be made as a "gift", and then the return would be a "gift" back to you, because you're not
Question: Typical return for an IRA? How can I assess if my returns were decent? Answer: To me it looks pretty good (10% per year is a pretty good return).
Question: How is Discover different from a Visa or a MasterCard? Answer: Each of those is a network. Merchants displaying their logos - participate in their network and will accept
Question: How to invest for the event of a US default? Answer: Lots of opportunities during threats to US debt demand. Most just involve being short the S&P or long
Question: Does an index have a currency? Answer: More importantly, index funds are denominated in specific currencies. You can't buy or sell an index, so it can be dimensionless. Anything
Question: How can I get the most value from my employer's ESPP? Answer: Short answer is to put the max 15% contribution into your ESPP. Long answer is that since
Question: Why is it possible to just take out a ton of credit cards, max them out and default in 7 years? Answer: The U.S. bankruptcy laws no longer make
Question: Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal? Answer: Should you negotiate? Yes, what harm can it possibly do? The landlord is unlikely to come back and say
Question: What is a 401(k) Loan Provision? Answer: 401K accounts, both regular and Roth, generally have loans available. There are maximum amounts that are based on federal limits, and your
Question: How do I handle taxes on a very large "gift" from my employers? Answer: You should be aware that the IRS considers all gifts of cash or cash equivalents
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: The value of a foreign stock is subject to fluctuations in the foreign currency value; this is
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Advice to myself: the benefits of being self-employed totally outweigh the risks!
Question: Who performs the blocking on a Visa card? Answer: It is the people who you bought the ticket from. Blocking is frequently done by hotels, gas stations, or rental
Question: What's the most conservative split of financial assets for my portfolio in today's market? Answer: The safest place to put money is a mixture of cash, local municipal bond
Question: Using GnuCash for accurate cost basis calculation for foreign investments (CAD primary currency) Answer: You would need to use Trading Accounts. You can enable this, File->Properties->Account settings tab, and
Question: Bank will not accept loose change. Is this legal? Answer: The bank certainly doesn't have to take it for a deposit; that's not a debt. There have been several
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: In some states there are significantly higher automobile insurance costs and higher coverage
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: I actually had to go to the bank today and so I decided to ask. The answer I was given
Question: First concrete steps for retirement planning when one partner is resistant Answer: I'd try to (gently) point out to your husband that what he thinks he wants to do
Question: Stock grant, taxes, and the IRS Answer: I went through this too. There's a safe-harbor provision. If you prepay as estimated tax payments, 110% of your previous year's tax
Question: What is a bond fund? Answer: As Michael Pryor answered, a bond fund is a mutual fund that invests in bonds. I'd also consider an ETF based on bonds
Question: Strategies for putting away money for a child's future (college, etc.)? Answer: Others have given some good answers. I'd just like to chime in with one more option: treasury
Question: Trade? Buy and hold? Or both? Answer: You mentioned three concepts: (1) trading (2) diversification (3) buy and hold. Trading with any frequency is for people who want to
Question: What's are the differences between "defined contribution" and "defined benefit" pension plans? Answer: As others have explained defined contribution is when you (or your employer) contributes a specified amount
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: Zero percent interest may sound great, but those deals often have
Question: What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old? Answer: My original plan was to wait for the next economic downturn and invest in
Question: Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income? Answer: Costs for home / small business equipment under US$10,000 don't have to be capitalized. They can be expensed
Question: Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)? Answer: In addition to George Marian's excellent advice, I'll add that if you're hitting the limits
Question: What are the marks of poor investment advice? Answer: If you see something that looks like a sales pitch, be skeptical, even if they sound informed, say things which
Question: Should I trade in a car I own to lower my payments on a new lease? Answer: You need to look at the numbers when you're ready to transact.
Question: Advice on strategy for when to sell Answer: You sell when you think the stock is over valued, or you need the money, or you are going to need
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: Credit scores, or at least components of them, can sometimes factor into how much you pay for car insurance.
Question: How do I evaluate reasonability of home improvement projects? Answer: The exact answers depend on what you're going to do and what you started with and what your local
Question: Reinvesting dividends and capital gains Answer: I have found The DRiP Investing Resource Center to be a useful resource for more information about DRIP investing. Moneypaper.com offers a list
Question: As an American working in the UK, do I have to pay taxes on foreign income? Answer: Short answer: it's complicated. The UK govt pages on foreign income are
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: You mentioned depositing the check and then sending a personal check. Be sure to account for time,
Question: What kind of technical analysis and indicators available for mutual fund navs Answer: A general mutual fund's exact holdings are not known on a day-to-day basis, and so technical
Question: 30-year-old saved $30,000: what should I do with it? Answer: First, two preliminaries, to address good points people made in comments. As AbraCadaver noted, before you move your $30k
Question: What's the point of a benchmark? Answer: Some years your portfolio may perform better than the benchmark, and some years it may be the other way around. Without a
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: Looks like you don't want to participate in the consumerist rush but feel that you
Question: How do I deal with a mistaken attempt to collect a debt from me that is owed by someone else? Answer: I can only speak for germany/europe. Inkasso companies/lawyer
Question: Will progressively investing with moderate-to-high risk help secure a future? Answer: There are a few flaws in your reasoning: I know my portfolio will always keep going up, No,
Question: Home sale: No right to terminate? Answer: The most likely reason for this is that the relocation company wants to have a guaranteed sale so as to get a
Question: Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold? Answer: By mentioning GLD, I presume therefore you are referring to the SPRD Gold
Question: What publicly available software do professional stock traders use for stock analysis? Answer: Bloomberg Professional seems to be very popular. It provides any kind of data you can imagine.
Question: Does doing your "research"/"homework" on stocks make any sense? Answer: The markets are not as information efficient as some might have you believe. But on the contrary, looking up
Question: How much of each stock do index funds hold? Answer: An index fund is just copying the definition of an index. The group that defines the index determines how
Question: Approximation of equity value for company in default Answer: Generally "default" means that the company cannot pay off their debts, and since debt holders get paid before equity holders,
Question: Are the stocks of competitor companies negatively correlated? Answer: It is important to first understand that true causation of share price may not relate to historical correlation. Just like
Question: How do investment banks evaluate a private firm going public? Is it based on the assets owned by the company? Answer: Will the investment bank evaluate the worth of
Question: What are the disadvantages of using a small leverage? Answer: The major drawback to borrowing to invest (i.e. using leverage) is that your return on investment must be high
Question: Are mutual funds safe from defaults? Answer: There are very strict regulations that requires the assets which a fund buys on behalf of its investors to be kept completely
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: That sounds like way too much for a car! I suggest you get a used car that only
Question: Should I sell my stocks to reduce my debt? Answer: Obviously, you should not buy stock when the option is to pay down your debt. However, your question is
Question: Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate? Answer: The car company loans you money at 1 or 2% because it is part
Question: I don't live in America. How can I buy IPO stock of newly listed companies in the United States? Answer: First thing to consider is that getting your hands
Question: Why did Apple instantly become the most volatile stock in the US? Answer: I looked at data from Sept 2010 to present: Standard deviation is what shows the spread
Question: What are some of the key identifiers/characters of an undervalued stock? Answer: You can't. If there was a reliable way to identify an undervalued stock, then people would immediately
Question: How to choose a good 401(k) investment option? Answer: I agree with the others that the ROTH is probably better. See this list of benefit/cost comparison (as opposed to
Question: How to double-entry bookkeep money incoming from sold items Answer: If you were a business, all your assets would have a dollar value, so when you sold them you'd
Question: How To Record Income As An Affiliate ( UK ) Answer: Adsense don't pay you daily. They pay you every month (as they have to calculate the final value).
Question: Algorithmic trading in linux using python Answer: I don't think any open source trading project is going to offer trial or demo accounts. In fact, I'm not clear on
Question: How Do I Fix Excess Contribution Withdrawl Answer: I think there are several issues here. First, there's the contribution. As littleadv said, there is no excess contribution. Excess contribution
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: You can look at the
Question: How to rebalance a passive portfolio if I speculate a war is coming? Answer: At a risk of stating the obvious: a passive portfolio doesn't try to speculate on
Question: Potential phishing scam? Answer: You need to talk to your bank. If you're unable to contact your bank until Monday, then wait until Monday. Don't fixate on the idea
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: One reason I have heard (beside to keep you paying rent) is the cost of maintenance and improvements.
Question: Multiple accounts stagnant after quitting job. Answer: What is my best bet with the 401K? I know very little about retirement plans and don't plan to ever touch this
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: I agree with the other answers, but I want to give
Question: What is the difference between hedging and diversification? How does each reduce risk? Answer: Hedging - You have an investment and are worried that the price might drop in
Question: Why are the administrative fees for the three biggest donor-advised funds identical? Answer: The commenters who referred you to the prisoner's dilemma are exactly correct, but I wanted to
Question: Fair Value of a monthly payment given two Bank Payment structures Answer: There is one basic principle to apply here: to compare money paid at different times, all the
Question: What steps should be taken, if any, when you find out your home's market value is underwater, i.e. worth less than the mortgage owed? Answer: Do you still enjoy
Question: If I believe a stock is going to fall, what options do I have to invest on this? Answer: What financial instruments are there that are profitable when an
Question: Why does historical price data not go back all the way on Google Finance? Answer: Google Finance and Yahoo Finance have been transitioning their API (data interface) over the
Question: Is leveraging notoriety to raise stock prices illegal in the US? Answer: There are obviously lots of complexities here, and there are rules against price or market manipulation that
Question: Why does it seem unnecessary to fully save for irregular periodic expenses? Answer: It totally depends on when your expenses hit and whether you might have a larger stock
Question: Can one get a house mortgage without buying a house? Answer: First, many banks do not keep the loan. Even if they send you a payment notice and process
Question: Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month? Answer: Sounds like you are reconciling more than once a month. I like to say I glance at
Question: Using Euros to buy and sell NASDAQ stocks Answer: Either way you'll be converting to US Dollars somewhere along the line. You are seeking something that is very redundant
Question: How should I deal with my long term gain this year? Answer: I don't believe in letting the tax tail wag the investing dog. You have a stock you
Question: Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit? Answer: John Person has a pattern called the High Close Doji that is probably the most reliable
Question: How can I pay for school to finish my degree when I can't get a student loan and have bad credit? Answer: Here's what you can do: roll up
Question: Are there any benefits to investing with a group of friends vs. by myself? Answer: The benefits of pooling your money with others: The drawbacks of pooling your money
Question: How can I increase my hourly pay as a software developer? Answer: Start by going to Salary.com and figuring out what the range is for your location (could be
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: The essential (and obvious) thing to avoid getting back into debt (or to reduce debt if you have it) is to
Question: What is market capitalization? [duplicate] Answer: Market Capitalization is the product of the current share price (the last time someone sold a share of the stock, how much?) times
Question: If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: This is one of those too good to be true things that is actually true. Why?
Question: What is the formula for determining estimated stock price when I only have an earning per share number? Answer: What you need to do is go to yahoo finance
Question: Who Bought A Large Number Of Shares? Answer: Schedule 13D (or the abbreviated version, schedule 13G) would be the most likely place to find this info. When a person
Question: Can I trust the Motley Fool? Answer: Upselling you is how they make money. That's the price of the free content. Test their recommendations. Pretend to buy the stocks
Question: How to calculate the number of months until a loan is paid off (given principal, APR and payment amount)? Answer: Here is the derivation of the formula, with The
Question: Could ignoring sunk costs be used to make an investment look more attractive when it's really not? Answer: I'm not sure that you're considering all the options. So you
Question: Ticker symbols differences between Yahoo Finance and BestInvest Answer: It depends on what site you're looking on and what exchange they're pulling the data from. Even though funds and
Question: Pay Yourself With Credit Card Make Money With Cash Back [duplicate] Answer: The idea is old as dirt, and some millions of people had it before you. Credit card
Question: I got my bank account closed abruptly how do I get money out? Answer: If you can get to a physical branch, get a cashier's check (or call them
Question: Paying extra on a mortgage. How much can I save? [duplicate] Answer: Paying $12,000 in lump sumps annually will mean a difference of about $250 in interest vs. paying
Question: Finding out actual items bought via credit card issuer and not the store receipt? Answer: The stores track the individual items for inventory planning and marketing purposes. Having worked
Question: When buying a call option, is the financial stability of the option writer relevant? Answer: In the case of regulated, exchange-traded options, the writer of an options contract is
Question: Health Insurance and Disability Question Answer: Sorry to hear about your spouse's health issues. May he have a speedy and, as far as possible, full recovery. The Patient Protectection
Question: Tax implications of restricted stock units Answer: With the Employee Stock Purchase Plan stock, if you sell it in less than 18 months from exercise, the discount you bought
Question: Do you pay taxes on stock gains that are just returning to their original purchase price? Answer: The tax is only payable on the gain you make i.e the
Question: How do I get into investing in stocks? Answer: Before putting any significant money into stocks, I would recommend spending at least a year paper trading. It is amazing
Question: What is the PEG ratio? How is the PEG ratio calculated? How is the PEG ratio useful for stock investing? Answer: PEG is Price to Earnings Growth. I've forgotten
Question: Pros and Cons of Interest Only Loans Answer: The main disadvantage is that interest rates are higher for the interest-only loan. It's higher risk to the bank, since the
Question: Investing in stocks with gross income (not yet taxed) cash from contract work? Answer: In most jurisdictions, you want to split the transactions. Why? Because you want to report
Question: Help required on estimating SSA benefit amounts Answer: Some details in case you are interested: Being a defined benefit kind of pension plan, the formula for your Social Security
Question: What is the point of the stock market? What is it for, and why might someone want to trade or invest? Answer: The stock market is just like any
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: I think that people only use the phrase "only spend what you can afford to lose" when they are talking about
Question: What are the opportunities/implications of having a designated clearing bank in my home country? Answer: I strongly urge you against this despite the fact that you may enjoy lucrative
Question: How can I stop a merchant from charging a credit card processing fee? Answer: You have no recourse on the spot to do anything to the vendor other than
Question: Separate bank account for security deposit from tenant Answer: In Massachusetts, we have a similar law. Each tenant fills out a W9 and the account is in their name.
Question: On paper I have 1 share in my company. How can I sell a smaller percentage of my company to another party? Answer: Do a share split. Your initial
Question: I got my bank account closed abruptly how do I get money out? Answer: This is very possibly a scam. The way the scam works is that the scammers
Question: Question about stock taxes buy/sell short term Answer: If you have made $33k from winning trades and lost $30k from loosing trades your net gain for the year would
Question: Buying real estate with cash Answer: To give the seller cash at the closing, you will need to borrow the money ahead of time, which means a mortgage is
Question: Why are credit cards preferred in the US? Answer: Personally, I use my credit cards for everything because I get reward points (or, cash back, depending on the card),
Question: What happened to Home Depot's Stock in 1988? Answer: So a major problem with looking at historical stock data on these graphs is that they set the stock price
Question: Mortgage loan implications when tearing down existing house and building new one? Answer: You would probably be best off checking through your loan documents to see if anything is
Question: Auto loan and student loan balance Answer: I don't understand the calculations in the comments by the OP. He says My monthly savings after mandatory expense is around USD
Question: What is the different between one company's two OTCMKTS symbols? Answer: I have not looked in details but apparently the company has (at least) a dual listing in Hong
Question: Did my salesman damage my credit? What can I do? Answer: Hindsight is 20/20, but I offer some suggestions for how this might have gone down. If you had
Question: Why buying an inverse ETF does not give same results as shorting the ETF Answer: Suppose that the ETF is currently at a price of $100. Suppose that the
Question: Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage? Answer: I think you're thinking that "in debt" doesn't just mean "owes a debt" but somehow means "owes more
Question: Investing $50k + Real Estate Answer: I would say that, for the most part, money should not be invested in the stock market or real estate. Mostly this money
Question: Isn't the subtraction of deprecation and amortization redundant in the calculation of Owner's Earnings? Answer: This formula is not calculating "Earnings". Instead, it is calculating "Free Cash Flow from
Question: Can a company stop paying dividends? Answer: Yes. Companies increase, decrease, start paying and stop paying dividends when they think it appropriate. If a company has been going through
Question: FICA was not withheld from my paycheck Answer: According to this section in Publication 15: Collecting underwithheld taxes from employees. If you withheld no income, social security, or Medicare
Question: What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? Answer: There are several things that are missing from your estimate: The terms for the mortgage for a rental
Question: Paying taxes on dividends even though your capital gains were $0? Answer: The issue for you seems to be the sequence of events. Presumably, there will be a gain
Question: What's a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada? Answer: I use MoneyStrands (formerly called Expensr), but mostly just to track expenses and look
Question: Why do interest rates increase or decrease? Answer: Fundamentally interest rates reflect the time preference people place on money and the things money can buy. If I have a
Question: Can I register for VAT to claim back VAT without selling VAT applicable goods? (UK) Answer: IANAL, I have not been VAT registered myself but this is what I
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: There are many technical answers above , but the short story to me is
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: There are a few ways to make money from a market correction:
Question: Should I get a personal loan to pay on my mortgage to go "above water" to qualify for a refinance? Answer: If you have a mortgage backed by FHA,
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: Your goal of wanting to eliminate your debts early is great. Generally, you can
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: I believe that an understanding of the taxation system can help to understand our place in
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: Risk and return always go hand by hand.* Risk is a measure of expected return volatility. The best
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: If you pay 20% tax now and none later or if you pay no tax
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: A friend of mine has two credit cards. He has specifically arranged with the card issuers so
Question: What's a good free checking account? Answer: Online banks are the future. As long as you don't need a clerk to talk to (and why would you need?) there's
Question: When are payroll taxes due in the US? Answer: It depends on the size of the payroll, not on the number of employees. Probably you need to file Form
Question: What's the process to buy an old house to tear it down and create a new one? Answer: Thank you for your response KeithB and Ross. I was researching
Question: Bid/ask spreads for index funds Answer: First, what structure does your index fund have? If it is an open-end mutual fund, there are no bid/ask spread as the structure
Question: What's the benefit of opening a Certificate of Deposit (CD) Account? Answer: Yes. Savings accounts and CDs today pay almost nothing. They are not a way to grow your
Question: May 6, 2010 stock market decline/plunge: Why did it drop 9% in a few minutes? Answer: I hate attributing an event like this to a single cause. That implies
Question: How come the government can value a home more than was paid for the house? Answer: When a house is sold at a foreclosure auction, the selling bank usually
Question: What traditionally happens to bonds when the stock market crashes? Answer: It depends. Very generally when yields go up stocks go down and when yields go down stocks go
Question: When is Cash Value Life Insurance a good or bad idea? Answer: Buy term and invest the rest is something you will hear all the time, but actually cash
Question: How to rebalance a portfolio without moving money into losing investments Answer: A strategy of rebalancing assumes that the business cycle will continue, that all bull and bear markets
Question: Does financing a portfolio on margin affect the variance of a portfolio? Answer: Financing a portfolio with debt (on margin) leads to higher variance. That's the WHOLE POINT. Let's
Question: Is it sensible to keep savings in a foreign currency? Answer: Given that we live in a world rife with geopolitical risks such as Brexit and potential EU breakup,
Question: Do rental car agencies sell their cars at a time when it is risky for the purchaser? Answer: Many Web sites and articles warn against buying former rental cars,
Question: Higher mortgage to increase savings to invest? Answer: Clearly this is doable and many people are doing exactly this. At that kind of rate many will tell you to
Question: Should I put more money down on one property and pay it off sooner or hold on to the cash? Answer: I would go with the 2nd option (put
Question: Basic Algorithmic Trading Strategy Answer: This strategy is called trading the 'Golden Cross' if the 50 day SMA moves above the 200 day, or the 'Death Cross' when the
Question: Are online mortgage lenders as good as local brick-and-mortar ones? Answer: I had a pretty good experience with Lending Tree, although they are a mortgage broker, not a lender
Question: How does an index rearrange its major holdings Answer: An index will drop a company for several reasons: A fund decides how close they want to mirror the index.
Question: How to measure how the Australian dollar is faring independent of the US dollar Answer: The best answer to your question would to be what the interest rates are
Question: Safe and cheap way to send money from Canada to South America Answer: The catch with any exchange service is that you're going to involve some sort of business
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: There are 3 options (option 2 may not be available to you) When you invest
Question: What software do you recommend for Creating a To-The-Penny, To-The-Day Budget? Answer: I really don't know about will it help you, but here is what I do: It is
Question: Should I Use an Investment Professional? Answer: Agree with the above poster regarding causation vs. correlation. Unless you can separate out the variables questions like this are somewhat impossible
Question: List of Investments from safest to riskiest? Answer: I think your premise is slightly flawed. Every investment can add or reduce risk, depending on how it's used. If your
Question: What are some well known or well regarded arguments against investing? Answer: Oh, geez, well-regarded arguments against investing, hmm? Well, I have a couple. They're not against investing per
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: All excellent answers. Scott W. already mentioned to look out for sales and many other answers are ways
Question: In Canada, how bad must your credit be for a denial of a Secured Credit Card? Answer: Although now there are "welcome" banking packages when I landed in 2008
Question: I got my bank account closed abruptly how do I get money out? Answer: Coming from someone who has worked a in the account servicing department of an actual
Question: Would an ESOP issue physical shares or stock options (call options) to participating employees? Answer: Not necessarily. The abbreviation "ESOP" is ambiguous. There are at least 8 variations I
Question: Growth rate plus dividend yieid total? Answer: The sum of the dividend yield plus capital growth is called total return. In your examples, you get to a total return
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: This is more of an interesting question then it looks on first sight. In
Question: What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking? Answer: Some credit unions also offer them and support Business banking as well. First Tech
Question: Explain the details and benefits of rebalancing a retirement portfolio? Answer: Rebalancing a portfolio helps you reduce risk, sell high, and buy low. I'll use international stocks and large
Question: How should we prioritize retirement savings, paying down debt, and saving for a house? Answer: It all depends on your priorities, but if it were me I'd work to
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: With all due respect to The David, the $1000 is best put against 20%+ debt, no sitting
Question: How to calculate/reconcile conflicting P/E ratios? Answer: The user who wrote the Zerohedge item: The CBS article: The Quora estimate is similar to the Zerohedge one (estimated a round
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: Apocalyptic like MAD MAX, huh? Well, no one so far has mentioned Gasoline, not paper gasoline futures but the
Question: How much principal do I get back with a target-maturity ETF? Answer: Adding a couple more assumptions, I'd compute about $18.23 would be that pay out in 2018. This
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: I am not going to discuss legality, because with family members you are able to give a lot
Question: Equation to determine if a stock is oversold and by how much? Answer: There are those who would suggest that due to the Efficient Market Hypothesis, stocks are always
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: I would not be
Question: Avoiding timing traps with long term index investing Answer: 1) The risks are that you investing in financial markets and therefore should be prepared for volatility in the value
Question: Can a Roth IRA be used as a savings account? Answer: (To be clear, IRA accounts are just wrappers, and can contain a large variety of investments. I'm restricting
Question: Zero volatility stocks in intraday trading in India Answer: Find a stock screener that has data for the BSE and NSE. You may be able to look directly at
Question: Is it a good strategy to +cash out refi every six months? Answer: When you refinance, there is cost (guess: around $2000-$3000) to cover lawyers, paperwork, surveys, deed insurance,
Question: Does the IRS reprieve those who have to commute for work? Answer: When I have a question about my income taxes, the first place I look is generally the
Question: How is a probability cone read? Answer: A number of ways exist to calculate the chances of a particular outcome. Options, for example, use current price, cost of money,
Question: Small investing for spending money? Answer: The existing answers are good, I justed wanted to provide a simpler answer to your question: Would I be able to invest this
Question: What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking? Answer: StasM, It's taken a while but many banks offer tokens - although they tend
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: I agree with the first poster- the first step is to measure
Question: Is robinhood backed up by an insurance company Answer: robinhood is a member of finra, just like any other broker. as such, they can't legally "lose" your assets. even
Question: Are there any disadvantages to DHA Investment Properties? Answer: I think the strongest reason against DHA purchases (I don't consider them investments) is points 3 and 5 mentioned above.
Question: Where to start with finding good companies to invest? Answer: There obviously is not such a list of companies, because if there were the whole world would immediately invest
Question: Is this follow-up after a car crash a potential scam? Answer: Do not give them any money until you have a signed contract that releases your liability completely. It's
Question: At what price are dividends re-invested? Answer: Keep in mind the ex-dividend date is different from the payable date (the day the dividend is paid). That means the market
Question: Does Joel Greenblatt's "Magic Formula Investing" really beat the market? Answer: In addition to other answers consider the following idea. That guy could have invented say one thousand formulas
Question: Calculating Pre-Money Valuation for Startup Answer: Since you have no sales, I'd likely question how well could you determine the value of the company's assets in a reasonable fashion.
Question: Pros/cons of borrowing money using a mortgage loan and investing it in a low-fee index fund? Answer: Well for a start funds don't pay interest. If you pick an
Question: What's the best gold investment strategy for a Singapore resident? Answer: With gold at US$1300 or so, a gram is about $40. For your purposes, you have the choice
Question: 30% share in business Answer: Get involved a lawyer and Accountant. Without it you may not be sure what you are getting. What exactly will 30% mean for me?
Question: High expense ratio funds - are they worth it? Answer: The 10 year comparison between your fund and the S&P 500 - I'd say more, but not sure it's
Question: How can a credit card company make any money off me? I have a no-fee card and pay my balance on time Answer: Of course they make money. They
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Stocks represent partial ownership of the company. So, if you owned 51% of the stock
Question: What publicly available software do professional stock traders use for stock analysis? Answer: If you are looking to analyze stocks and don't need the other features provided by Bloomberg
Question: The cost of cleaning the house that we rented far exceeds the security deposit. Should we bother? Answer: I am surprised at the amount of work this contract wants
Question: When applying for a mortgage, can it also cover outstanding debts? Answer: That really depends on the lender, and in the current climate this is extremely unlikely. In the
Question: Are these scenarios considered as taxable income? Answer: You can always reduce the income by the direct expenses required to earn it, and figure out whether it is ultimately
Question: Does Robinhood calculate fees and taxes over the total gain/loss or per-transaction? Answer: I don't see a tag for United States, so I'm having to assume this is US
Question: Is my wash sale being calculated incorrectly? Answer: You add the wash sale loss to your cost basis for the other transaction so you would have two entries in
Question: Is it possible to borrow money to accrue interest, and then use that interest to pay back the borrower + fees? Answer: There are many flaws with your idea.
Question: What's the difference between a high yield dividend stock vs a growth stock? Answer: There can be the question of what objective do you have for buying the stock.
Question: What should I invest in to hedge against a serious crash or calamity? Answer: If you're referring to investment hedging, then you should diversify into things that would profit
Question: Closing a futures position Answer: Ignoring the complexities of a standardised and regulated market, a futures contract is simply a contract that requires party A to buy a given
Question: What are some simple techniques used for Timing the Stock Market over the long term? Answer: I can think of a few simple and quick techniques for timing the
Question: Would I qualify for a USDA loan? Answer: You probably won't get a mortgage. UDSA has a 41% ratio of monthly debt to monthly income limit, and a score
Question: Stock market order execution Answer: When you are placing an order with an online broker you should already know what exchange or exchanges that stock trades on. For example
Question: What are some valuable sources for investment experience, when there is very little to no money to start with? Answer: One way to start with stocks is by playing
Question: Will my Indian debit card work in the U.S.? Answer: Whether your card will work, I believe, depends on the institution that issued it. You'll just have to try.
Question: My tenant wants to pay rent through their company: Should this raise a red flag? Answer: I disagree with the other respondents. If your tenant is an individual, renting
Question: Why would a long-term investor ever chose a Mutual Fund over an ETF? Answer: http://www.efficientfrontier.com/ef/104/stupid.htm would have some data though a bit old about open-end funds vs an ETF
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: You SHOULDN'T lease one if you are going to get an economy car, if you
Question: Is it possible to get life insurance as a beneficiary before the person insured dies? Answer: If the insurance policy is a whole-life (or variable life) policy, it might
Question: Borrow from 401k for down payment on rental property? Answer: Another option you might consider is rolling over some of that 401K balance into a self-directed IRA or Solo
Question: Plan/education for someone desiring to achieve financial independence primarily through investing? Answer: Stay in school, learn everything you can, and spend as little money as possible. And realize that
Question: Strategies for saving and investing in multiple foreign currencies Answer: If you want to use that money and maybe don't have the time to wait a few years if
Question: How long can a company keep the money raised from IPO of its stocks? Answer: Is it correct that there is no limit on the length of the time
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: This is not the case with your brother only. There are many business which run
Question: At what point should I go into credit card debt? Answer: Financially, it simply doesn't make sense to go into debt here. It may be that living on credit
Question: What evidence do I need to declare tutoring income on my income tax? Answer: I have been a private tutor on and off for about 30 years, in three
Question: Problems with Enterprise Value and better valuation techniques Answer: This is a tough question SFun28. Let's try and debug the metric. First, let's expand upon the notion share price
Question: Two 1099B for same stock Answer: It looks like what you're calling a name change was registered as a merger that resulted in an exchange of stock. If that's
Question: Can I lose more on Forex than I deposit? Answer: It's the same as with equities. If you're just buying foreign currencies to hold, you can't lose more than
Question: What is an effective way to convert large sums of US based investments to foreign currencies? Answer: A stock, bond or ETF is basically a commodity. Where you bought
Question: Is short selling a good hedging strategy during overzealous market conditions? Answer: Right, wrong or indifferent I see account gains of nearly 50% so far this year; now being
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: Unless a study accounts for whether the users are following a budget or not, it is
Question: How does a public company issue new shares without diluting the value held by existing shareholders? Answer: In simplest terms, when a company creates new shares and sells them,
Question: What happens to an Earnest Money Deposit if underwriting falls through? Answer: Your Purchase and Sale agreement should have a financing contingency. If it doesn't, your money may be
Question: How to report house used for 100% business? Answer: As DJClayworth said, be very careful with this one! The property is a residence, not a business location. Given that,
Question: I am the sole owner of an LLC. Does it make a difference if I file as an S-Corp or a sole-member LLC? Answer: S-Corp are taxed very different.
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: You are right, it is a Ponzi scheme unless it pays all of the profits as dividends. Here's why:
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: Here is something that should help your decision: Currently you are 57, suppose that means that you will still work for 10 years, and then
Question: How to invest in gold at market value, i.e. without paying a markup? Answer: This is an excellent question; kudos for asking it. How much a person pays over
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: So, child, your goal is to make money? This is usually achieved by selling goods (say,
Question: Why do I get a much better price for options with a limit order than the ask price? Answer: There are people whose strategy revolves around putting orders at
Question: What does F[YY]e mean in reporting Answer: It means it's estimate and not final numbers and generally used for future years
Question: US Dollar Index: a) where are long term charts; also b) is it available on Google Finance by any chance? Answer: a) the quick answer to your correlation is
Question: Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC? Answer: There are a few sites out there that can give you some reasoning behind the request. LegalZoom,
Question: Does a company's stock price give any indication to or affect their revenue? Answer: No. Revenue is the company's gross income. The stock price has no contribution to the
Question: For the first time in my life, I'm going to be making real moneywhat should I do with it? Answer: If I may echo the Roth comment - The
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: This is based on my experience with Chase and may not be applicable to
Question: Are low commission trading sites safe? Answer: I have used TradeKing for a couple of years now and love it. It really is a great site. They hold an
Question: Should I invest my money in an ISA or Government bonds? (Or any other suggestion) Answer: So you are off to a really good start. Congratulations on being debt
Question: Why would a bank need to accept deposits from private clients if it can just borrow from the Federal Reserve? Answer: Let's just focus on the "why would a
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: I kind of hate piling on with another opinion, but this is too long for a comment. I
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: Yes, and the math that tells you when is called the Kelly Criterion. The Kelly
Question: Website for managing personal cash inflow and outflow, applicable to India? Answer: https://moneycenter.yodlee.com/ You can link your bank accounts, credit cards, trading accounts etc at Yodlee. These will be
Question: What's the difference between a high yield dividend stock vs a growth stock? Answer: The general difference between high dividend paying stocks and growth stocks is as follows: 1)
Question: What choices should I consider for investing money that I will need in two years? Answer: Books such as "The Pocket Idiot's Guide to Investing in Mutual Funds" claim
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: Check global ATM alliance they are banks that use reciprocal benefits on each other in other countries
Question: Dual Citizen British/US and online business taxes Answer: I see no reason why a US ID would be mandatory anywhere in the UK. I'm sure they have their own
Question: Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY? Answer: Diversification and convenience: Is .15-0.35% fee worth it? It
Question: Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? Answer: The article "Best Stock Fund of the Decade: CGM Focus" from the Wall Street Journal in 2009 describe
Question: Why do Dealers/Brokers hold Inventory in Stocks? Answer: The difficulty is that you are thinking of a day as a natural unit of time. For some securities the inventory
Question: How do I calculate two standard deviations away from the stock price? Answer: Standard Deviation is a mathematical term that is useful in many areas. It can be considered
Question: Where should I invest to hedge against the stock market going down? Answer: Put Options. They're less risky than shorting, and have similar upsides. The major difference is that
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: As a 22 year old planning for your financial life, it is obvious to say that
Question: What are "headwinds" and "tailwinds" in financial investments? Answer: Headwinds in an economic situation represent events or conditions e.g. a credit crisis, rising costs, natural disasters, etc, that slow
Question: Is it legal to not get a 1099-b until March 15? Answer: If one looks at the "Guide to Information Returns" in the Form 1099 General Instructions (the instructions
Question: What is a good rental yield? Answer: Our two rentals have yielded 8.5% over the past two years (averaged). That is net, after taxes, maintenance, management, vacancy, insurance, interest.
Question: How does spot-futures arbitrage work in the gold market? Answer: As proposed: Buy 100 oz of gold at $1240 spot = -$124,000 Sell 1 Aug 2014 Future for $1256
Question: How to understand a volatility based ETF like VXX Answer: The VIX is a mathematical aggregate of the implied volatilities of the S&P 500 Index components. It itself cannot
Question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing Answer: It isn't always clear cut that you should pay off a debt at all, particularly a mortgage. In simple
Question: Will prices really be different for cash and cards? Answer: I would say minimal price differences. Stores will need to remain competative, and the difference (if any) will likely
Question: Where or how can I model historical market purchases Answer: This site should help you to accomplish what you are looking for: https://www.quantopian.com
Question: Where is my dividend? Answer: Your dividend should show up in one of a few methods: (1) Cash in your trading account (2) A check mailed to you (3)
Question: Complete Opposite Calculations and Opinions - Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments with Monthly Income Answer: Sorry in advance, but this will be long. Also, it sounds
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: Buying gold, silver, palladium, copper and platinum. The first two I am thinking about new currencies. The last
Question: Where can I find the dividend history for a stock? Answer: You can go to the required company's website and check out their investor section. Here is an example
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: It depends on what your investment goals are. Are you investing for the short-term or the long-term? What was your
Question: Looking to buy a house in 1-2 years. Does starting a Roth IRA now make sense? Answer: First, look at the local housing market, and the price to rent
Question: Does inflation equal more loans? Answer: What is the relationship between inflation and interest rates? notes a relationship between inflation and interest rates that would suggest high inflation would
Question: How do I factor dividends and yield into the performance of a security? Answer: Instead of a price chart can use a performance chart, which is usually expressed as
Question: My employer is switching 401k plan providers. How might this work in practice? Answer: A few years ago our company switched from Fidelity to a different 401k provider. During
Question: Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors? Answer: Small purchases will have a disproportionate expense for commissions. Even a $5 trade fee is 5% on a $100 purchase.
Question: Who gets the periodic payments when an equity is sold on an repurchase agreement? Answer: The Wikipedia page for Repurchase Agreement has two relevant pointers on this topic: The
Question: Are there any investment strategies which take advantage of an in-the-money option price that incorporates no "time value"? Answer: you asked for strategies which use deep in the money
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: Because people are Risk Averse. Suppose that you own an asset worth $10,000 to you. Suppose that each year, the asset has 1% chance of
Question: Why would a central bank or country not want their currency to appreciate against other currencies? Answer: It would essentially make goods from other countries more cheaper than goods
Question: Who owns NASDAQ? Does it collect fees from stock transactions? Answer: NASDAQ OMX Group owns NASDAQ, a stock exchange. It is a corporation, and is listed on the NASDAQ
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: The answer to this question is very different depending on the
Question: How do I determine ownership split on a franchise model? Answer: There is no one solution to every project finance problem. Two models might make sense in this situation,
Question: Choosing the "right" NAPFA advisor, and whether fees are fair, etc.? Answer: Usually your best bet for this sort of thing is to look for referrals from people you
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: Think carefully about the added expenses. It may still make sense, but it probably won't be
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: Are you in the United States? Is there
Question: Can I get a discount on merchandise by paying with cash instead of credit? Answer: Slightly off topic... Not merchandise, but I paid for various doctor's appointments with cash
Question: Where can I find a definition of psychological barriers with respect to marketable securities? Answer: I think "Psychological Pricing" is a similar phenomenon to what you are looking for.
Question: Is there any kind of unsecured stock loan? Answer: In the U.S. it is typical that a stock brokerage account can be set up to buy stock with up
Question: OTC Stocks - HUGE gains? Answer: Changing my answer based on clarification in comments. It appears that some of the securities you mentioned, including GEAPP, are traded on what
Question: What should I be doing to protect myself from identity theft? Answer: I believe the answer is that to protect yourself it is good to get credit protection so
Question: What are some pre-tax programs similar to FSA that I can take advantage of? Answer: There is a dependent care spending account for child care related expenses. Also Medical
Question: Why do stock exchanges close at night? Answer: Here are some plausible reasons why markets might continue to close:
Question: What happened to buyers of ABT right before the split? Answer: The trades after that date were Ex-DIV, meaning after 5 pm Dec 12, new trades did not include
Question: Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it? Answer: I like the other answers. But, here's one thing that concerns me that hasn't specifically been addressed yet: You
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: Interest payments You can make loans to people and collect interest.
Question: Conservative ways to save for retirement? Answer: A 401(k) is just a container. Like real-world containers (those that are usually made out of metal), you can put (almost) anything
Question: What is best investment which is full recession proof? Answer: I don't think there is a recession proof investment.Every investment is bound to their ups and downs. If you
Question: Best Time to buy a stock in a day Answer: The best time to buy a stock is the time of day when the stock price is lowest! Obviously
Question: stock for a particular brand Answer: In addition to the answer by Craig Banach: Sometimes brands are owned by publicly traded companies which have a very diverse product portfolio.
Question: Why are capital gains taxed at a lower rate than normal income? Answer: There are two alternative explanations: Choose the explanation you prefer based on your level of cynicism.
Question: What are the tax implications on selling the Share ISA portfolio? Answer: Assets held within an ISA or New ISA are completely free of CGT, so you won't have
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: The article links to William Bernsteins plan that he outlined for Business Insider, which
Question: How to account for startup costs for an LLC from personal money? Answer: How do I account for this in the bookkeeping? Here is an example below: This is
Question: Why do most banks in Canada charge monthly fee? Answer: You have to check your contract to be sure what is it you're paying for. Typically, you get some
Question: What is market capitalization? [duplicate] Answer: Market Capitalization is the value the market attributes to the company shares calculated by multiplying the current trading price of these shares by
Question: how do I calculate rate of return on call options that are spread Answer: Outside of software that can calculate the returns: You could calculate your possible returns on
Question: What's "wrong" with taking money from your own business? Answer: It's wrong in several situations: One, the business owner counts this as a business expense, which it is not,
Question: Pay online: credit card or debit card? Answer: Credit card, without a doubt. The reason is dispute resolution. If you dispute a charge on debit card - the money
Question: How to explain an income discrepancy to the IRS? Answer: The IRS doesn't tax "increased wealth" They tax Revenue -- income. If this money or property came to you
Question: Legality of facilitating currency exchange between private accounts Answer: I can't answer from the Indian side but on the UK side, if you and your friend are not related
Question: How does my broker (optionsXpress) calculate probabilities that the stock will hit a certain price? Answer: This chart concerns an option contract, not a stock. The method of analysis
Question: How does one value Facebook stock as a potential investment? Answer: You could try this experiment: pay for an Ad/banner on Facebook for 1 month. The Ad/banner should link
Question: At what point does it become worth it to file an insurance claim? Answer: An article linked from cnn.com has some great advice, which I think are good rules
Question: Why is it possible to just take out a ton of credit cards, max them out and default in 7 years? Answer: It may become difficult to rent a
Question: Can used books bought off Amazon be claimed as a tax deduction in Australia? Answer: Yes, if they meet the ATO's criteria. Books, periodicals and digital information If the
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: I'd take the match, but I wouldn't contribute beyond your match, for two reasons:
Question: How does a dividend announcement affect a option straddle position Answer: When dividend is announced the stock and option price may react to that news, but the actual payout
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: You don't say why you want to move. Without knowing that, it is hard to recommend a
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: If by being a millionaire you mean dollar millionaire then I doubt that it
Question: Can ETF's change the weighting of the assets they track Answer: Can they change the weights? Yes. Will they? It depends. are ETF's fixed from their inception to their
Question: How does a tax exemption for an action = penalty for inaction? Answer: What it means is that you can always come up with alternative framings where the difference
Question: How does sales tax holiday change tax? Answer: I believe you are confusing sales tax with income tax. The tax holidays in the US are only for sales tax.
Question: Why would you sell your bonds? Answer: You sell any investment because you need to do something else with the money -- rebalance your investments, buy something, pay off
Question: Website for managing personal cash inflow and outflow, applicable to India? Answer: I like Pocketsmith for simple cashflow forecasting. I use Moneycenter for more complex tracking.
Question: Is there any flaw in this investment scheme? Answer: The process of borrowing shares and selling them is called shorting a stock, or "going short." When you use money
Question: Buying a house 50/50 Answer: This question is really a variation of rent vs buy. Try looking at it this way - If you bought it 50/50 and rented
Question: How to acquire assets without buying them? Answer: Assets can be acquired in different ways and for different purposes. I will only address common legal ways of acquiring assets.
Question: Formula that predicts whether one is better off investing or paying down debt Answer: you should always invest if your investment rate of return is higher than your interest
Question: Does Warren Buffett really have a lower tax rate than his secretary? Answer: The scenario you mention regarding capital gains is pretty much the core of the issue. Here's
Question: Should I take out a loan vs pay off with mother's help? Answer: Is it a gift or a loan? Either way, ask the same lawyer who will do
Question: Why people still look for "naked" short-sellng stocks instead of short selling CFDs Answer: Investopedia has a nice article on this here The Key benefit looks like better returns
Question: Can I pay taxes using bill pay from my on-line checking account? Answer: I wouldn't do this. There is a chance that your check could get lost/misdirected/misapplied, etc. Then
Question: Does FIFO cost basis applies across multiple accounts? Answer: To sum up: My question came from misunderstanding what cost basis applies to. Now I get it that it applies
Question: Why is the buy price different from the sell price of a stock? [duplicate] Answer: When there is a difference between the two ... no trading occurs. Let's look
Question: What is the best way to help my dad consolidate his credit card debt at a lower rate? Answer: I agree with you that you need to consolidate this
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: I came across such a situation and I am still facing it. My friend borrowed my credit
Question: What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into "emergencies" but are not covered by an Emergency Fund? Answer: Some things are nearly universal, and have been
Question: IRA for work and my business Answer: Yes, you can have both. You'll need business income to contribute to a SEP IRA though.
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: the mortgage interest deduction alone couldn't make this work, but if you realize less income by living off
Question: Where to park money while saving for a car Answer: Nothing's generating a whole lot of interest right now. But more liquid and stable is better (cash or cash-like).
Question: Should we invest some of our savings to protect against inflation? Answer: If I were in your shoes (I would be extremely happy), here's what I would do: Get
Question: Do Square credit card readers allow for personal use? Answer: What I should have done in the first place was just ask them. From their customer support team: Thanks
Question: Which student loans to pay off first: Stafford or private? Answer: Without knowledge of the special provisions of your loan contract, the one with the highest interest rate should
Question: Why do I not see goods and services all change their price when inflation is high? Answer: It can take a while for inflation to seep into all aspects
Question: Tax Implications - First 2-Family Rental Property Answer: You should really be talking to a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) about taxes and to a lawyer about
Question: Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card? Answer: As a general premise: In most of the online transactions
Question: How do Islamic Banking give loans for housing purposes? Answer: If the customer pays 20% of the payment in advance, then he is he owns 20% of the house
Question: Can I invest in gold through Vanguard (Or another instrument that should perform well in financial crisis)? Answer: The difficulty with investing in mining and gold company stocks is
Question: What's the difference when asked for "debit or credit" by a store when using credit and debit cards? Answer: When using a debit card in a "credit" way, you
Question: Retirement savings vs building lucrative assets Answer: Well... (in the US, at least) "making investments and building assets" is how you save for retirement. The investments just happen to
Question: Is there a more flexible stock chart service, e.g. permitting choice of colours when comparing multiple stocks? Answer: I don't think there are any web based tools that would
Question: Can the purchaser of a stock call option cancel the contract? Answer: You bought the right  but not the obligation  to buy a certain number of shares
Question: Low Fee Income Generating Investments for a Trust Answer: If your primary goal is no / minimized fees, there are 3 general options, as I see it: Based on
Question: Minor stakes bought at a premium & valuation for target company Answer: In some cases, when a company purchases a minor stake, they often intend to increase the size
Question: Calculation, timing, and taxes related to profit distribution of an S-corp? Answer: We will bill our clients periodically and will get paid monthly. Who are "we"? If you're not
Question: Why is Insider Trading Illegal? Answer: Illusions of transparency. Mitigation of risk. Emotion. The system. Short answer per sdg's post - it's the law. Long answer which I wont
Question: Why GOOG is "After Hours" while FB is "Pre-market"? Answer: It looks like GOOG did not have a pre-market trade until 7:14 am ET, so Google Finance was still
Question: Is there a good forum where I can discuss individual US stocks? Answer: The motley fool is one of the best places. Other good communities are Yahoo Finance, Seeking
Question: Does Tennessee have anything like a principal residence exemption? Answer: There's no homestead property tax exemption in TN. According to the TN comptroller site: Exemptions Exemptions are available for
Question: What will be the long term impact of the newly defined minimum exchange rate target from francs to euro? Answer: The Swiss franc has appreciated quite a bit recently
Question: What effect does a company's earnings have on the price of its stock? Answer: Your autograph analogy seems relevant to me. But it is not just speculation. In the
Question: Why would I vote for an increase in the number of authorized shares? Answer: Why would I want to approve an increase in the number of authorized shares? Because
Question: How might trading volume affect future share price? Answer: As said previously, most of the time volume does not affect stock prices, except with penny stocks. These stocks typically
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: It is simple: G-d provides :). EDIT: By "it" I mean the answer to the question asked. Raising
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: It isn't EFT, but you might mention to your tenant, that many banks offer a Bill Pay service (example) where the
Question: Why does it take so long to refund to credit card? Answer: It's not usually apparent to the average consumer, but there's actually two stages to collecting a payment,
Question: How are Share Awards and Sales Treated? Answer: Stock awards by employers are treated and taxed as salary. I.e.: you pay ordinary rate income tax, FICA taxes, State taxes
Question: How should I be investing in bonds as part of a diversified portfolio? Answer: Buy a fund of bonds, there are plenty and are registered on your stockbroker account
Question: What actions should I be taking to establish good credit scores for my children? Answer: My son who is now 21 has never needed me to cosign on a
Question: What can cause rent prices to fall? Answer: In the US, the government effectively sets a price floor for rents with a concept called "prevailing rent" for government subsidy.
Question: Interactive Brokers: IOPTS and list of structured products Answer: I think an IOPT is a Dutch warrant. Someone else might understand what this is.
Question: If I want to take cash from Portugal to the USA, should I exchange my money before leaving or after arriving? Answer: in my experience no-cash transactions are the
Question: How to correct a tax return filed electronically and already approved? Answer: Simply file an amended return to correct the mistake. This happens all the time and is a
Question: Company requires me to use my personal cell phone to work. Writeoff? Answer: Not authoritative, but according to TurboTax: If your new cell phone acts as both your business
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: I have one additional recommendation: if the dealer continues to press the issue, tell them that they
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: PocketSmith is another tool you might like to consider. No personal banking details are required, but you can
Question: I've tracked my spending and have created a budget, now what do I do with it? Answer: Whether you use a professional financial planner or not, the basic steps
Question: How common are stock/scrip dividends (as opposed to cash dividends) in US equity markets? Answer: Check out the NASDAQ and NYSE websites(the exchange in which the stock is listed)
Question: Why buy bonds in a no-arbitrage market? Answer: There is no single 'market interest rate'; there are myriad interest rates that vary by risk profile & term. Corporate bonds
Question: Why do people buy US dollars on the black market? Answer: As a Venezuelan who used to buy USD, I believe there is not better explanation than the one
Question: Disputing Items to Improve Credit Report Answer: Disputing the remark seems unlikely to move your score, since it is just that -- a remark. It's hard to say whether
Question: Is ScholarShare a legitimate entity for a 529 plan in California? Answer: To mhoran's point, yes, the company, TIAA-CREF is valid. I'd focus on the expenses - Their S&P
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: There are many reasons for buying new versus used vehicles. Price is not the only factor. This is
Question: Digital envelope system: a modern take Answer: If psychologically there is no difference to you between cash and debit (you should test this over a couple of months on
Question: Is there any downside to using temporary credit card numbers with subscription services? Answer: I did just what you suggest. The card company honored the charge, they told me
Question: How do you determine the dividend payout date for Mutual Funds? Answer: Mutual funds generally make distributions once a year in December with the exact date (and the estimated
Question: Starter Enterprising Investor Answer: The steps you outlined are fine by themselves. Step 5, seeking criticism can be less helpful than one may think. See stocktwits.com There are a
Question: How do I establish the cost basis of shares bought in an employee stock purchase program? Answer: A public company should have a link for investor relations, which should
Question: I'm 20 and starting to build up for my mortgage downpayment, where should I put my money for optimal growth? Answer: Good job. Assuming that you are also contributing
Question: What is a good rental yield? Answer: Historically that 'divide by 1000' rule of thumb is what many people in Australia have thought of as normal, and yes, it's
Question: When does it make sense for the money paid for equity to go to the corporation? Answer: If the check is written as a check to BigCo, it is
Question: What's the formula for profits and losses when I delta hedge? Answer: You don't mention any specific numbers, so I'll answer in generalities. Say I buy a call option
Question: Do stock prices drop due to dividends? Answer: Yes, the stock price drops on official listing. But what gonna happen on first trade after the dividend date, is up
Question: Is it possible for US retail forex traders to trade exotic currencies? Answer: The vast majority of retail Forex brokers are market makers, rather than ECNs. With that said,
Question: Owned house for less than 2 years - 1031 exchange? Answer: Yes, your realtor is a moron. (I am a realtor, and sorry you have such a bad one)
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: Growth is how well the investment will grow on average. In the long term, this
Question: Trader Fostering Program on Futures Day Trading Answer: a) Contracts are for future delivery of said underlying. So if you are trading CL (crude oil) futures and don't sell
Question: When should I start saving/investing for my retirement? Answer: Does you job offer a retirement plan? (401k, SIMPLE, etc) Does your employer offer a match on contributions? Typically an
Question: Is the contribution towards Employment Insurance (EI) wasted if I never get fired, or are my premiums refunded? Answer: I would suggest they are not wasted because your premiums
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Do your homework on all types bonds and other lower-risk instruments, including
Question: How can I know the minimum due credit card payment and date for an ANZ Visa card? Answer: You are in luck, I have an ANZ credit card as
Question: What do I need to start trading in the NSE (National Stock Exchange)? Answer: Yes Absolutely! You will need to provide Sharekhan with a cancelled cheque from OBC which
Question: How to know which companies enter the stock market? Answer: NASDAQ provides a very good IPO calendar as well for US listings.
Question: How to invest 10k dollars, at the age of 23? Answer: An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest, as Ben Franklin said. However, this is not a
Question: What happens when PayPal overdrafts a checking account (with an ample backup funding source available)? Answer: You should check directly with the seller. I suspect you will find they
Question: For net worth, should I value physical property at my cost to replace it, or the amount I could get for selling it? Answer: There is no objective "should".
Question: Is short selling a good hedging strategy during overzealous market conditions? Answer: Short selling can be a good strategy to hedge, but you have almost unlimited downside. If a
Question: Is there a government-mandated resource that lists the shareholders of a public company? Answer: There are several problems with trying to get this data:
Question: First 401K portfolio with high expense ratios - which funds to pick? (24yo) Answer: If it was me, I would withdraw money from savings and be debt free today.
Question: Strategy for investing large amount of cash Answer: I think a larger issue is that you're trying to do market timing. Whether you had a large or small amount
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: I just wanted to add one factor to the other answers. The cost of maintenance etc. is
Question: How do markets "factor in" a future event? Answer: At the most fundamental level, every market is comprised of buyers and selling trading securities. These buyers and sellers decide
Question: How does selling rights issues work in practice? Answer: Do you simply get call options you can sell on an options exchange? No, you don't get call options that
Question: How can all these countries owe so much money? Why & where did they borrow it from? Answer: By the phrasing of your question it seems that you are
Question: Investment strategy for retired couple Answer: After retirement nobody want to get low on cash. So, the best way to stay safe is to make some investments. Compare the
Question: How credible is Stansberry's video "End of America"? Answer: I listened to about 15 minutes of the video, but then I read your other link, which gives a much
Question: Does a stock really dip in price on the ex-dividend date? And why would it do this? Answer: The stock price is what people think a company is worth,
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: Sounds fishy - taking out more debt to pay the main mortgage down faster? There are a couple of
Question: How does a company select a particular price for its shares? Answer: First, keep in mind that there are generally 2 ways to buy a corporation's shares: You can
Question: Most Efficient Way to Transfer Money from Israel to the USA? Answer: How much are we talking about here? My own experience (Switzerland->US, under $10K) was that the easiest
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: If the stock has low liquidity, yes there could be times when there are no buyers or sellers at
Question: If I have some old gold jewellery, is it worth it to sell it for its melt value? Answer: I just came across an article from the CBC on
Question: Payroll reimbursments Answer: As @Dilip suggested in the comments, the problem is the accountability of the reimbursement plans. In order for the reimbursement to be non-taxable, there has to
Question: How is gold shared in worldwide economies? Answer: You might want to read about about the Coase Theorem. "In law and economics, the Coase theorem, attributed to Ronald Coase,
Question: Withholding for unexpected Short-Term Capital Gains and Penalties Answer: My understanding (I've never filed one myself) is that the 1040ES is intended to allow you to file quarterly and
Question: Why do employer contributions count against HSA limits? Answer: Just like all employee benefits there is a focus on removing or limiting owners of businesses' ability to abuse tax
Question: Is it better to buy put options or buy an inverse leveraged ETF? Answer: The only use of options that I will endorse is selling them. If you believe
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: There is usually a bunch of reasons for this, some psychological and some entirely practical. Let's start with
Question: How to interpret these explanatory graphs (about option strategies)? Answer: The blue line is illustrating the net profit or loss the investor will realise according to how the price
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: Let me add a counterpoint. I don't know about you, but for some psychological reason, when
Question: Can I contribute to an IRA from investment income? Answer: Your contributions must come from "compensation". Quoting IRS Publication 590 on IRAs, "Generally, compensation is what you earn from
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: The danger to your savings depends on how much sovereign debt your bank is holding.
Question: Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit? Answer: recommend keeping some amount of money in cash as
Question: "Infinite Banking" or "Be Your Own Bank" via Whole Life Insurancewhere to start? Answer: There are a lot of false claims around the internet about this concept - the
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: I can ONLY WISH this would happen to me. Get every scrap of information that you can. DOCUMENT
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: As mentioned in several other answers, the main reason for high rates is to maximize profit. However, here
Question: Did my salesman damage my credit? What can I do? Answer: At one point in my life I sold cars and from what I saw, three things stick out.
Question: How to calculate cash loss over time? Answer: While it is a true loss, as you've determined, is not a cash cost, per se. A cash cost would be
Question: How does "taking over payments" work? Answer: I think this phrase originates from when it was common to have an assumable mortgage. In that case, you would "take over
Question: How are mortgage interest rates determined? Answer: Mortgage or other interest rates are determined by the banks on cost of funds, risk and operating cost. The Fed raises money
Question: At what age should I start or stop saving money? Answer: Are you working? Does your employer offer a 401(k) and if so, is there any match? Saving should
Question: Why would preferred shares have less potential for capital gain compared to common stock? Answer: True blue preferred shares are considered loose hybrids of credit and equity. They are
Question: Are there capital gains taxes or dividend taxes if I invest in the U.S. stock market from outside of the country? Answer: The country from which you purchase stock
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: There are a few reasons: 1) Deductions and credits.
Question: Why do I get a much better price for options with a limit order than the ask price? Answer: What you have to remember is that Options are derivatives
Question: If USA defaults on its debt, will the T bond holder get back his money Answer: The only party that can pay back a government bond is the government
Question: How can a 'saver' maintain or increase wealth in low interest rate economy? Answer: I think this is a good question with no single right answer. For a conservative
Question: Can Health-Releated Services be a Business Expense? Answer: Chris, since you own your own company, nobody can stop you from charging your personal expenses to your business account. IRS
Question: How much of a down payment for a car should I save before purchasing it? Answer: If and only if by coincidence the car you were already considering from
Question: Should you check to make sure your employer is paying you the correct superannuation amount? [Australia] Answer: Yes, there are checks and balances. Employers can be, and have been,
Question: Are banks really making less profit when interest rates are low? Answer: profit has nothing to do with the level of interest rates. Is this correct? In theory, yes.
Question: Gym membership tax deductible? Answer: Assuming its in the US: No, it is not, and such things are usually treated as "red flags" for audit (and no, golf club
Question: What is an "at close order" in the stock market? Answer: Usually backtests for (long-term) strategies are evaluated on a end-of-day basis where you only consider close prices. If
Question: What is a checking account and how does it work? Answer: As others have noted, in the U.S. a checking account gives you the ability to write a check,
Question: Loan to son - how to get it back Answer: Seems fair. I think this is a real subjective thing. Financially lets get rid of that line before interest
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: If you have no immediate need for the money you can apply the Rule of 72 to that money.
Question: How to convince someone they're too risk averse or conservative with investments? Answer: Introduce him to the concept of Inflation Risk, and demonstrate that being too conservative with your
Question: Company wants to sell all of its assets, worth more than share price? Answer: Why is the stock trading at only $5 per share? The share price is the
Question: What to do with your savings in Japan Answer: As an alternative to investing you'll find at least some banks eg. Rakuten that will give you preferential interest rates(still
Question: Is my mortgage more likely to be sold if I pre-pay principal? Answer: There are two ways that mortgages are sold: The loan is collateralized and sold to investors.
Question: Opening a bank account with cash: How should bills be presented? Answer: Banks have electronic money counters so the order really doesn't matter. When I make a cash deposit
Question: Are stock investments less favorable for the smaller investor? Answer: You have got it wrong. The profit or loss for smaller investor or big investor is same in percentage
Question: Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY? Answer: What is the advantage of something like Betterment --
Question: Where to find free Thailand stock recommendations and research? Answer: On what basis did you do your initial allocation of funds to each stock? If you are 're-balancing' that
Question: S-Corp partnership startup. How to pay owners with minimal profit? Answer: If you're really interested in the long-term success of your business, and you can get by in your
Question: Comparing keeping old car vs. a new car lease Answer: Look at the basic cost of the lease. Option 1: keep the car for three years. Pay for repairs
Question: why would closing price of a stock be different from different sources, and which would you take as the real price? Answer: There is more than one exchange where
Question: Why did gold dip in 2011 Answer: The cause of the increase in 2006-2011 was the financial crisis, where, if you recall, the global banking system came close to
Question: Help Understanding Market/Limit Orders and Bid/Ask Price Answer: Your logic breaks down because you assume that you are the only market participant on your side of the book and
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: If I understand correctly, your question boils down to this: "I have $X to invest over 25 years, are guaranteed returns at
Question: Tracking Gold and Silver (or any other commodity investment) in Quicken 2010? Answer: If you don't need 100% accuracy then GLD and SLV will work fine. Over the long-term
Question: Price of a call option Answer: EDIT quid keenly identified the 1:7 reverse split In May 2017. In a 1:7 reverse split, your shares are worth 7 times as
Question: How come we can find stocks with a Price-to-Book ratio less than 1? Answer: The VDE fund is an energy fund so this is a function of recent price
Question: How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)? Answer: It depends on the structure of your business. Are you a sole proprietor filing
Question: Advice for a college student interested in investment opportunities. Answer: 2.5 years is a short period in the stock market. That means there is a significant chance it will
Question: How to manage paying expenses when moving to a weekly pay schedule and with a pay increase? Answer: Unlike other responses, I am also not good with money. Actually,
Question: Deducting Hobby Expenses on my Federal Income Taxes? Answer: Does your wife perform solo or in association with other actor/actresses and other volunteers? The latter arrangement sounds more like
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: There are two issues. The first is that you can manage all of your family's money. The second
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: I believe Tom Au answered your key question. Let me just add
Question: Can an F1 student working on OPT with a STEM extension earn unrelated self employed income from a foreign employer? Answer: From tax perspective, any income you earn for
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: A stock is only worth what someone is willing to pay
Question: Opportunity to buy Illinois bonds that can never default? Answer: If you give money to a person or entity, and they don't have the ability to pay you back,
Question: UK university student finance - should I use my sponsorship money to pay the debt? Answer: Let me run some simplistic numbers, ignoring inflation. You have the opportunity to
Question: How does a stock operate when it is listed between two exchanges? Answer: Say a stock is listed in Nasdaq, and the same company has a stock listed in
Question: How often are preferred shareholders made whole after a company goes bankrupt? Answer: From the Times A Reader Q.&A. on G.M.s Bankruptcy Q. I own G.M. preferred shares. Should
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: If it's real, it's illegal. She needs someone to be a middle man
Question: Renters Liability in Case of Liability Claims for Property Damage or Fire Answer: According to US News, renter's insurance does cover liability as well as your own belongings. They
Question: Should I sell my individual stocks and buy a mutual fund Answer: I would normally take a cautious, "it depends" approach to answering a question like this, but instead
Question: What does "check payable to" mean? Answer: It is your name, or the fictitious name under which you operate. For example, if your freelance front end is called "Zolani
Question: How can I calculate the volatility(standard deviation) of a stock price? and/or ROI (return on investment) of a stock? Answer: ROI and volatility should be calculated over a representative
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: There are lots of different ways to generate passive income. What is Passive Income? Basically it is income you receive
Question: Reconciling transactions reimbursing myself for expenses as self-employed (UK) Answer: Any money that ScottMcGready gives to the company is a personal loan that must be repaid by the company
Question: Should I collect receipts after paying with a card? Answer: In this answer, I won't elaborate on the possibilities of fraud (or pure human error), because something can always
Question: Why are fund managers' average/minimum purchase price from form 13F the same? Answer: The GuruFocus Link is just reporting the high and low price of the quarter. Price Range
Question: Recommendation on Options Back Testing tool please Answer: As JoeTaxpayer says, there's a lot you can do with just the stock price. Exploring that a bit: Stock prices are
Question: Is it possible to improve stock purchase with limit orders accounting for volatility? Answer: There is no such thing as buying at the best price. That only exists in
Question: Standard Deviation with Asset Prices? Answer: You can use google docs to create a spreadsheet. In field A2, I put Google will load the prices into the sheet. At
Question: Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? Answer: Very likely this refers to trading/speculating on leverage, not investing. Of course, as soon as you put leverage
Question: How can this be enough to fund a scholarship in perpetuity? Answer: Some historical and mathematical insights as a complement to existing answers. History. I found it astonishing that
Question: How to calculate new price for bond if yield increases Answer: The duration of a bond tells you the sensitivity of its price to its yield. There are various
Question: Why index funds have different prices? Answer: Price, whether related to a stock or ETF, has little to do with anything. The fund or company has a total value
Question: Personal finance app where I can mark transactions as "reviewed"? Answer: On mint, you can create your own tags for transactions. So, you could create a tag called "reviewed"
Question: How will a 1099 work with an existing W-2? Answer: You can have multiple W2 forms on the same tax return. If you are using software, it will have
Question: Do I need to register as self employed in Ontario, Canada? Answer: If your business name is your name, you are automatically considered a sole-proprietorship and any income you
Question: What are overnight fees? [duplicate] Answer: From the etoro website: In the financial trading industry, rollover is the interest paid or earned for holding currency overnight. Each currency has
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: In addition to what others have said, I think it is important to consider that government retirement assistance (whatever it is
Question: Can PE ratio of stocks be compared to other investments? Answer: Yes, there are non-stock analogs to the Price/Earnings ratio. Rental properties have a Price/Rent ratio, which is analogous
Question: How do I set up my finances when first moving out? Answer: The first thing you need to do is to set yourself a budget. Total all your money
Question: Is buying or selling goods for gold or silver considered taxable? Answer: Of course. The rationale is exactly the same as always: profit is taxed. The fact that you
Question: Specifically when do options expire? Answer: Equity options, at least those traded in the American exchanges, actually expire the Saturday after the 3rd Friday of the month. However, the
Question: Commencing a Pension from an SMSF Answer: No. Disclaimer - As a US educated fellow, I needed to search a bit. I found an article 7 Common SMSF Pension
Question: Tax me more: Can I pay extra to the government so I don't have to deal with all this paperwork? Answer: Actually, if you don't care about paying a
Question: Investing for Dummys Answer: Books are a great place to start, Jason Kelly's The Neatest Little Guide to Stock Market Investing will give you a broad foundation of the
Question: Online tutorials for calculating DCF (Discounted Cash Flow)? Answer: what do you mean exactly? Do you have a future target price and projected future dividend payments and you want
Question: Making higher payments on primary residence mortgage or rental? Answer: Pay down the lower balance on the rental property. Generally speaking, you are more likely to need/want to sell
Question: How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock? Answer: You're talking about ESPP? For ESPP it makes sense to utilize the most the
Question: Car insurance (UK) excludes commute to and from work, will not pay on claim during non-commute Answer: You should start by making a written complaint to the insurance company
Question: Should I participate in a 401k if there is no company match? Answer: Another consideration that is not in the hard numbers. Many people, myself included, find it hard
Question: Where to park money low-risk on interactivebrokers account? Answer: The standard low-risk/gain very-short-term parking spot these days tends to be a money market account. However, you have only mentioned
Question: Is there a law or regulation that governs the maximum allowable interest amount that can be charged on credit cards or in agreements where credit is extended? Answer: In
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: Your thinking is unfortunately incorrect; an amortising loan (as opposed to interest only loans) pay down,
Question: How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down? Answer: The fiat currency is the basis for currency markets - that is, currency
Question: What should a 21 year old do with 60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance? Answer: Myself I am in a similar position. I've had a few good conversations about this with
Question: How do I go about finding an honest & ethical financial advisor? Answer: Most individuals do not need a personal financial advisor. If you are soon entering the world
Question: Do I need to own all the funds my target-date funds owns to mimic it? Answer: Over time, fees are a killer. The $65k is a lot of money,
Question: How do I get into investing in stocks? Answer: That is a loaded question but I'll give it a shot. First things first you need to determine if you
Question: Supply & Demand - How Price Changes, Buy Orders vs Sell Orders [duplicate] Answer: For every buyer there is a seller. That rule refers to actual (historical) trades. It
Question: How can I save on closing costs when buying a home? Answer: According to Realtor.com, there are a variety of options to save on closing costs: A general Google
Question: Are Credit Cards a service to banks? Answer: As i see it, with a debit card, they are taken kinda out of the game. They are not lending money,
Question: Index funds with dividends? Answer: I assume that when you say 'the DOW' that you actually mean the general market. The ticker symbol for the general market is SPY
Question: How does the Pension system work in Poland? Answer: littleadv's answer gives a concise summary of the system as it stands now, but much more changed than just the
Question: What investments work for these goals? Answer: If you will leave the money invested for a good long while (years) then dividend paying stocks would be appropriate. There are
Question: What choices should I consider for investing money that I will need in two years? Answer: Investing $100k into physical gold (bars or coins) is the most prudent option;
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: Adding to the very good advises above - Concentrate on costs related to investment activity.
Question: How much do big firms and investors affect the stock market? Answer: The price of a company's stock at any given moment is established by a ratio of buyers
Question: What's a normal personal debt / equity ratio for a highly educated person? Answer: What is your biggest wealth building tool? Income. If you "nerf" your income with payments
Question: Where do online stock brokers get their real-time data from? Answer: Generally Google gets their data, directly from the exchanges (Nasdaq, NYSE). This is really expensive -- tens of
Question: How can small children contribute to the "family economy"? Answer: Similar to the lawn care you mentioned: if you have space, you could have the kids create a mini-farmstand.
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: Not long after college in my new job I bought a used car with payments, I have never
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: My theory, if you must be in debit, own it at the least expense possible. The interest you will pay
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: so far the only thing that I can think of that would make me want to
Question: Freehold and Leasehold for Pub/Bar? Answer: In the strictest sense of the words, Freehold and leasehold mean what you think they do. Freehold is that you own it outright
Question: Is there any circumstance in which it is necessary to mark extra payments on a loan as going to "principal and not interest"? Answer: I had a car loan
Question: Pay off car or use money for down payment Answer: Break the transactions into parts. Go to your bank or credit union and get a loan commitment. When applying
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: If they return to their earlier prices Assuming I don't make too many poor
Question: My bank often blocks my card during purchases - what is the most reliable bank card? (UK) Answer: Having worked in the financial industry, I can say 9:10 times
Question: Mortgage vs. Cash for U.S. home buy now Answer: There are a number of reasons I'm in agreement with "A house that is worth $300,000, or $50,000 of equity
Question: Money transfer from India to USA Answer: The liabilities are the same regardless of the route, besides tax evasion schemes such as handing the money to her as cash.
Question: Dry cleaners lost $160 pants, what should I do? Answer: I really like Rocky's answer, some more info: Keep in mind there is no limit on punitive damages. You
Question: Is there a way to claim a car purchase in the tax return? Answer: You've got two options. Deduct the business portion of the depreciation and actual expenses for
Question: How is gold shared in worldwide economies? Answer: Money is no longer backed by gold. It's backed by the faith and credit of the issuing government. A new country,say,
Question: 401k compound interest vs other compound interest Answer: 1a. It isn't. Compound interest is compound interest. It works no different within a 401(k). 1b. Yes. 401(k)'s are made up
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: There are two primary reasons shares are sold short: (1) to speculate that a stock's price will decline and (2) to
Question: Is Bitcoin a commodity or a currency [duplicate] Answer: It has properties of both. Tax authorities will eventually give their opinion on this. Through its properties of finite quantity,
Question: How can we determine how much income our savings could generate if we purchase an annuity? Answer: Annuity calculation formulas can be found here. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annuity_(finance_theory). In addition, as suggested
Question: Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing? Answer: The Motley Fool's How to Invest How To Invest Benjamin Graham's The Intelligent
Question: Current accounts reward schemes and reciprocal standing orders? Answer: I don't think it would be counted as income, and if it's a short-term loan it doesn't really matter as
Question: How does a public company issue new shares without diluting the value held by existing shareholders? Answer: Unissued capital is only a token restriction. When a company is incorporated
Question: How can I determine if a debt consolidation offer is real or a scam? Answer: I believe no-one who's in a legal line of business would tell you to
Question: Does Implied Volatilty factor in all known future events? Answer: From every article I've encountered, the chicken and egg aspect suggests that IV is produced by looking at options
Question: Where can I find historic ratios by industry? Answer: If you would like to find data on a specific industry/market sector, a good option is IBISworld reports. You can
Question: In Canada, can a limited corporation be used as an income tax shelter? Answer: (Disclaimer: I am not an accountant nor a tax pro, etc., etc.) Yes, a Canadian
Question: Lump Sum Investing vs. Dollar Cost Averaging (as a Long Term Investor) Answer: I think you're not applying the right time scale here. ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) is
Question: Is it possible to get life insurance as a beneficiary before the person insured dies? Answer: The short answer is "No". There a 2 ways to get cash from
Question: Multi-user, non-US personal finance and budget software Answer: My wife and I have been ridiculously happy with YNAB. It's not "online," but syncs across our phones & computers using
Question: How can I determine if my rate of return is "good" for the market I am in? Answer: Do you recall where you read that 25% is considered very
Question: Is real (physical) money traded during online trading? Answer: This is my two cents (pun intended). It was too long for a comment, so I tried to make it
Question: Why buy stock of a company instead of the holding company who has more than 99% of the stocks Answer: In a situation like this, I presume you'd invest
Question: What is a good way to keep track of your credit card transactions, to reduce likelihood of fraud? Answer: Read your bill, question things that don't look familiar. People
Question: Where can I find information on the percentage of volume is contributed by shorts? Answer: You can do a lot of deduction FINRA keeps a "REG-SHO" list created daily
Question: Record retention requirements for individuals in the U.S.? Answer: Indeed the IRS publication references the 3-6 year time span. And no limit for fraud. But. I get a notice
Question: Why do volatility stocks/ETFs (TVIX, VXX, UVXY) trend down in the long-term? Answer: In an attempt to express this complicated fact in lay terms I shall focus exclusively on
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: Yes. It does cost the same to pay off a "15 year in 15" year versus a "30
Question: Estimated Tax on Unplanned Capital Gains Answer: In general, you are expected to pay all the money you owe in taxes by the end of the tax year, or
Question: Why are banks providing credit scores for free? Answer: Why are banks all of a sudden providing people their credit scores for free? Because it is a really good
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: There are tax free bonds in the United States. They are for things like public housing
Question: Is there a way to open a U.S. bank account for my LLC remotely? Answer: Yes, it is possible. Although there may be red tape for a business account,
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: In addition to the choice that saving for retirement affords - itself a great comfort - the miracle of compounding is
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Since you mentioned moving, you can buy real state very cheap here in Mexico that
Question: Cheapest way to "wire" money in an Australian bank account to a person in England, while I'm in Laos? Answer: I've been doing a bunch of Googling and reading
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: Use with moderation. Powerful stuff. Your caller could be an offshore scammer too. Summarizing from http://www.creditinfocenter.com/rebuild/debt-validation.shtml: You can
Question: Question about being a resident Answer: One thing to consider besides what rules Oregon has, is what rules your old state have. Of course the lack of income tax
Question: Using stable short-term, tax-free municipal bond funds to beat the bank? Answer: Banks' savings interest is ridiculous, has always been, compared to other investment options. But there's a reason
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: Go to the police. This is fraud and is illegal. Sure, this will hurt your friend but
Question: Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name? Answer: Don't worry about the spam mail. If you get a
Question: Consequences of buying/selling a large number of shares for a low volume stock? Answer: If you are the only one who puts in a large market buy order, then
Question: What type of pension should I get? Answer: If your new employer has a Final Salary or defined benefit type pension scheme, join it. DB plans are attractive because
Question: How to choose a company for an IRA? Answer: I use TIAA-Cref for my 403(b) and Fidelity for my solo 401(k) and IRAs. I have previously used Vanguard and
Question: Why does Google Finance show the NASDAQ Composite way up but Yahoo! Finance shows it slightly down? Answer: First - Google's snapshot - Then - Yahoo - I took
Question: Free "Rich Dad" education, with "free gift": Is it legitimate, or is it a sales ploy? Answer: Robert Kiyosaki's is basically a get-rich quick author. But to answer your
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: because it cost the insurer more, obviously. while this sounds snarky, it's important to realize that
Question: Free brokerage vs paid - pros and cons Answer: Emotion aside, you can calculate the cost of the funds you have tied up at the bank. If I can
Question: How to rebalance a portfolio without moving money into losing investments Answer: Also, almost by definition rebalancing involves making more trades than you would have otherwise; wouldn't the additional
Question: Usage of a sell stop order Answer: It depends to some extent on how you interpret the situation, so I think this is the general idea. Say you purchase
Question: Can I cash a cashier's check at any bank? Answer: Cashiers check is as good as cash. I use them all the time as banks don't carry over 2-3k
Question: Archive Financial Records by Account or by Year Answer: First, I try to keep electronic records (with appropriate backups) whenever it seems feasible: utility bills, credit card statements, bank
Question: Is there a term for the risk of investing in an asset with a positive but inferior return? Answer: In my opinion the risk is about the lost opportunity
Question: Calculate Estimated Tax on Hobby Business LLC Answer: You are on the right track, for tax purposes its all ordinary income at the end of 2016. If the free
Question: What taxes are assessed on distributions of an inherited IRA? Answer: Distributions from an inherited IRA will be taxed as ordinary income and there are required minimum distributions for
Question: Why can Robin Hood offer trading without commissions? Answer: They mostly make money off of the spread between your order and the spread of the buy and sell currently
Question: How does 1099 work with my own company Answer: Can I work on 1099 from my own company instead of on W2? The reason is on W2 I can't
Question: Quarterly dividends to monthly dividends Answer: Technically you should take the quarterly dividend yield as a fraction, add one, take the cube root, and subtract one (and then multiple
Question: Sales Tax: Rounded Then Totaled or Totaled Then Rounded? Answer: First of all to answer the basic question "Is one method correct? Might it depend on local laws?" Yes
Question: Do individual stocks have futures trading Answer: There's a market for single stock futures. The market (however small) is OneChicago, "an Equity Finance Exchange offering security futures products." I
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: Sometimes it's not entirely about take-home pay. A pay raise can affect other things like: These things need
Question: How do you declare an interest free loan? Answer: I am neither a lawyer nor a tax accountant, and if you're dealing with serious money I suggest you consult
Question: How to search efficiently for financial institutions, credit cards, etc (At least in Canada)? Answer: Searching for Banks or Credit Unions based on their high interest accounts is likely
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: In addition to all the points made in other answers, in some jurisdictions (including the UK
Question: What is the formula for determining estimated stock price when I only have an earning per share number? Answer: See this link...I was also looking an answer to the
Question: Can a trade happen "in between" the bid and ask price? Answer: As far as i understand the big companies on the stock markets have automated processes that sit
Question: Trader Fostering Program on Futures Day Trading Answer: I am a bit at a loss as to how you can read the same book, that inspired Warren Buffet, and
Question: Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met? Answer: Sure, Yahoo Finance does this for FREE.
Question: Taxes due for hobbyist Group Buy Answer: You do actually have some profits (whatever is left from donations). The way it goes is that you report everything on your
Question: Why do put option prices go higher when the underlying stock tanks (drops)? Answer: There are two components of option valuation, the value that's "in the money" and the
Question: Should retirement fund be equal to amount of money needed for financial independence? Answer: I want to know ideally how much should a person save for retirement funds? A
Question: How can I deal with a spouse who compulsively spends? Answer: Based on the conversations in the comments, I believe a pragmatic solution would be the best immediate course
Question: What do these numbers mean? (futures) Answer: The other answer covers the mechanics of how to buy/sell a future contract. You seem however to be under the impression that
Question: When is the best time to put a large amount of assets in the stock market? Answer: The one thing we know for certain is that holding large amounts
Question: How to calculate new price for bond if yield increases Answer: I am currently trying out some variations (moving terms around ...) of the formula for the present value
Question: High-risk investing is better for the young? Why? Answer: Would my high-risk investment choices, aside from the main question, have any bearing on the road I want to go
Question: Is an interest-only mortgage a bad idea? Answer: If you took a fixed loan, but paid it off at the accelerated rate, you would ultimately pay less total dollars
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: Your Money or Your Life is a great book on this topic.
Question: Is there any reason not to buy points when re-financing with intent not to sell for a while? Answer: There is the opportunity cost. Let's say it cost you
Question: How are exchange rates decided for each country? Answer: Rates are arrived at by the cumulative buying and selling on the foreign exchange market, much the same way that
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: Some years ago a call center operator told me a bit more than they probably
Question: What is the equation for an inflation adjusted annuity held in perpetuity? Answer: The question lacks specificity, i.e. when does the initial investment occur, now or one period from
Question: How do you write a check with cents? Answer: In the US, Section 3.114 of the Uniform Commercial Code sets the rules for how any confusion in checks or
Question: Magazine subscription leads to unauthorized recurring payment Answer: You have a subscription that costs $25 They have the capabilities to get that $25 from the card on file if
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: This seems like a risky setup. All it takes is one missed or delayed transfer
Question: Why do I see multiple trades of very small quantities? Answer: Probing for hidden limit orders usually involves sending the orders and then cancelling them before they get filled
Question: Total price of (AAPL option strike price + option cost) decreases with strike price. Why? Answer: On July 20, when you posted this question, AAPL was trading almost at
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: Don't forget to also build up an emergency fund - retirement saving is important, but you don't want to be caught in
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: When you pay cash for a car, you don't always necessarily need to pay cash. You just aren't using credit
Question: How Does A Special Memorandum Account Work Answer: Here is another explanation of an SMA. SMA refers to the Special Memorandum Account which represents neither equity nor cash but
Question: At what percentage drop should you buy to average down Answer: Only average down super blue chips with a long history or better still, ETFs or index type funds.
Question: What is the contribution limit for a SEP-IRA? Answer: Both are saying essentially the same thing. The Forbes articles says "as much as 20% [...] up to a maximum
Question: What happens to 401(k) money that isn't used by the time the account holder dies? Answer: A 401k plan will ask you to name a beneficiary who will receive
Question: Where should I park my rainy-day / emergency fund? Answer: This is probably a good time to note that credit is not a liquid asset, and not an emergency
Question: is the bankruptcy of exchange markets possible? Answer: You seem to think that stock exchanges are much more than they actually are. But it's right there in the name:
Question: How to minimise the risk of a reduction in purchase power in case of Brexit for money held in a bank account? Answer: If you are really worried your
Question: Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month? Answer: My wife and I are paid every two weeks. I go on line see the exact deposit,
Question: How do financial services aimed at women differ from conventional services? Answer: Less so today, but there was a time that women played a smaller role in the household
Question: Why is there so much variability on interest rate accounts Answer: In answering your question as it's written: I don't think you're really "missing" something. Different banks offer different
Question: Is the Investopedia simulator an accurate representation of real stock trading? Answer: Using any simulator will never be exactly the same as real trading. One reason is that a
Question: Is keeping old credit cards and opening new credit cards with high limits and never using an ideal way to boost credit scores? Answer: Problems with your plan (in
Question: (Legitimate & respectable) strategies to generate "passive income" on the Internet? Answer: One such place where you can sell your photos is iStockPhoto. They are pretty picky about the
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: To add to Jason's answer; a further mechanism is that of monopoly rents which you mention in your
Question: What are the implications of a corporate stock repurchase or share buyback program? Answer: The future shares will be fewer in number, yet have claim to less cash in
Question: Investment / Savings advice in uncertain economy Answer: An alternative to a savings account is a money market account. Not a bank "Money Market" account which pays effectively the
Question: Portfolio Diversity : invest $4000 into one account or $1000 into 4 accounts? Answer: You spread money/investment across different accounts for different reasons: All this is in addition to
Question: Is there a limit on the dollar amount of a personal check? Answer: Like the old American Express commercial: "no preset spending limit". It is really up to the
Question: Is it ever logical to not deposit to a matched 401(k) account? Answer: If your plan permits loans, deposit enough through the year to maximize the match and then
Question: Maintaining "Woman Owned Business" while taking on investor Answer: In addition to finding another woman investor, you have an equitable option that is not unreasonable: ask your partner to
Question: Do individual stocks have futures trading Answer: As others have pointed out, they do in fact exist. But it may be worth pointing out a possible reason that they
Question: How often do typical investors really lose money? Answer: How often do investors really lose money? All the time. And it's almost always reason number 1. Let's start with
Question: How can I save on closing costs when buying a home? Answer: Do I need to pay for an inspection, or am I likely to save enough money from
Question: Can a put option and call option be exercised for the same stock with different strike prices? Answer: You could have both options exercised (and assigned to you) on
Question: The difference between Islamic Banks and Western Banks Answer: I'm not sure of the theological basis against usury in sharia law. IIRC, sharia forbids excess compensation, and the modern
Question: How can a person with really bad credit history rent decent housing? Answer: She can find a landlord that doesn't do credit checks. Maybe on Craigslist? She may end
Question: Should I have to pay income tax on contribution to home office rent from company? Answer: This is essentially a reimbursement of your expense. Since you can deduct the
Question: $700 guaranteed to not be touched for 15 years+, should I put it anywhere other than a savings account? Answer: If you plan on holding the money for 15
Question: How do I refinance a car loan into someone else's name so it can be their car? Answer: I don't know of any way to "transfer" a debt to
Question: How to trade "exotic" currencies? Answer: There are firms that let you do this. I believe that Saxo Bank is one such firm (note that I'm not endorsing the
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Imagine that a company never distributes any of its profits to its shareholders. The company
Question: Can i short securities in a normal(non-margin) account Answer: The broker will charge borrowing fees and sometimes a charge called "hard-to-borrow fee". Other than that you will earn interest
Question: Connection between gambling and trading on stock/options/Forex markets Answer: There are moral distinctions that can be drawn between gambling and investing in stocks. First and I think most important,
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Is playing the lottery a wise investment? --Probably not. Is playing the lottery an investment
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: I'm new to this, but how about putting a big part of your money into an MMA? I don't
Question: Is person-person lending/borrowing protected by law? Answer: For person A to be protected (meaning able to recover some or all of the money should the other party try to
Question: What to ask Warren Buffet at the Berkshire Hathaway shareholder meeting? Answer: I would be curious how he balanced having two female life partners at once. Not sure I
Question: Index ETF or Index mutual fund - standard brokerage account Answer: The main difference between a mutual fund and an ETF are how they are bought and sold (from
Question: Avoiding sin stock: does it make a difference? Answer: Yes, it does matter. You are right that lower demand for a stock will drive its price down. Lower stock
Question: How much is my position worth after 5-1 stock split? Answer: The average price would be $125 which would be used to compute your basis. You paid $12,500 for
Question: What does Dividend 165% mean in stock market? Answer: Do not confuse the DIV (%) value and the dividend yield. As you can see from this page, the DIV
Question: Does a stock holder profit from a reverse-stock split? Answer: I just had a reverse split done 1 to 35. I went from 110,000 shares and a negative 13k
Question: Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend? Answer: people buy stocks because there is more to Return on Investment than whether dividends are issued or not. Some
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: Here are some possibilities: avoid buying a car for as long as you can; if forced to own
Question: How can we get a hold of our finances again, with much less time to spend on accounting and budgeting, due to the arrival of our child? Answer: I
Question: If a put seller closes early, what happens to the buyer? Answer: An option is freely tradable, and all options (of the same kind) are equal. If your position
Question: What is a good size distribution for buying gold? Answer: Look at a broader diversification. Something like: For physical gold, I'd look at a mix of gold coins and
Question: Non Resident Alien(Working full time on F1-OPT) new car sales tax deduction Answer: No, if you are a nonresident alien, you cannot deduct sales tax. You can only deduct
Question: Formula that predicts whether one is better off investing or paying down debt Answer: Old question I know, but I have some thoughts to share. Your title and question
Question: No trading data other than close for a stock on a given date Answer: There are several reasons why this may happen and I will update as I get
Question: When one pays Quarterly Estimated Self Employment Taxes, exactly what are they paying? Answer: Your question does not say this explicitly, but I assume that you were once a
Question: How to calculate ownership for property with a partner Answer: To add to ChrisInEdmonton's answer: Your conveyancing solicitor should be able to advise on the details, but a typical
Question: For a car, what scams can be plotted with 0% financing vs rebate? Answer: The car deal makes money 3 ways. If you pay in one lump payment. If
Question: How can I investigate historical effect of Rebalancing on Return and Standard Deviation? Answer: To answer your question directly.. you can investigate by using google or other means to
Question: What does an x% inflation rate actually mean? Answer: Individual product prices do not necessarily rise at inflation rates. What inflation means is that the purchasing power of one
Question: How to protect your parents if they never paid Social Security? Answer: I am unsympathetic. His mother made a conscious choice to evade taxes that would have provided her
Question: Does dollar cost averaging apply when moving investments between fund families? Answer: Dollar cost averaging doesn't (or shouldn't) apply here. DCA is the natural way we invest in the
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: You could keep an eye on BankSimple perhaps? I think it looks interesting at least... too bad I
Question: Retirement planning 401(k), IRA, pension, student loans Answer: None of your options seem mutually exclusive. Ordinarily nothing stops you from participating in your 401(k), opening an IRA, qualifying for
Question: Any extra fees charged by passive stock and bond ETFs on top of the standard fees? Answer: Brokers will have transaction fees in addition to the find management fees,
Question: logistical details of interest and dividend payments on assets traded on the secondary market? Answer: To Many question and they are all treated differently. I was wondering how the
Question: Margin when entered into a derivative contract Answer: A derivative contract can be an option, and you can take a short (sell) position , much the same way you
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: My advice is to quit worrying about the salesman's tactics. They are a distraction. What do you want? How much are you willing
Question: How much does it cost to build a subdivision of houses on a large plot of land? Answer: The basic answer is that you are comparing apples and oranges.
Question: Can dues and subscriptions expenses be deducted 100% to calculate taxable income in an LLC company? Answer: IRS Publication 529 is the go-to document. Without being a tax professional,
Question: Have plenty of cash flow but bad credit Answer: Set up a meeting with the bank that handles your business checking account. Go there in person and bring your
Question: Should I consolidate loans and cards, or just cards, leaving multiple loans? Answer: First of all, congratulations on admitting your problem and on your determination to be debt-free. Recognizing
Question: How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? Answer: $260k mortgage is pretty high for $80k salary alone -- if you have expensive tastes, be prepared to tune
Question: Which close price (adjusted close or close price) shall be used when calculating a stock's daily percent change? Answer: The adjusted close price takes into account stock splits (and
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: Not only are they high volume but also most finish materials are very basic.
Question: Does a failed chargeback affect my credit score? Answer: Credit scores in the U.S. are entirely based on information contained in your credit report. The details of your credit
Question: Is technical analysis based on some underlying factors in the market or do they work simply because other people use them? Answer: Technical analysis is based more on psychology
Question: How can I stop a merchant from charging a credit card processing fee? Answer: You can report the violation to the payment network (i.e., Mastercard or Visa). For instance
Question: Which institutions in Canada offer true read-only guest accounts? Answer: Converting fideli comment to answer I don't think any Canadian bank offers this capability for online banking. However, there
Question: Why are we taxed on revenue and companies on profit? Answer: I pay taxes on revenue. You do have the ability to deduct expenses, though it's not as comprehensive
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: Allen, welcome to Money.SE. You've stumbled into the issue of Debt Snowball, which is
Question: What's the folly with this stock selection strategy Answer: You are probably going to hate my answer, but... If there was an easy way to ID stocks like FB
Question: How do I manage my portfolio as stock evaluation criteria evolve? Answer: If your criteria has changed but some of your existing holdings don't meet your new criteria you
Question: Do governments support their own bonds when their value goes down? Answer: Without getting to hung-up on terminology here, the management of a company will often attempt to keep
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: Yes, quite easily, in fact. You left a lot of numbers out, so lets
Question: Can you explain why it's better to invest now rather than waiting for the market to dip? Answer: With a long enough time horizon, no matter when you buy,
Question: Can I deduct equipment expenses for a job I began overseas? Answer: I'm not an expert, but here's my $0.02. Deductions for business expenses are subject to the 2%
Question: What should I consider when I try to invest my money today for a larger immediate income stream that will secure my retirement? Answer: Lets assume you put the
Question: What is market order's relation to bid ask spread? Answer: Because in the case for 100/101, if you wanted to placed a limit buy order at top of the
Question: Can I actually get a share of stock issued with a piece of paper anymore? Answer: Yes you can. One additional "advantage" of getting the physical certificate is you
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: I was going to ask, "Do you feel lucky, punk?" but then it occurred to me that the
Question: Basic mutual fund investment questions Answer: In summary, you are correct that the goal of investing is to maximize returns, while paying low management fees. Index investing has become
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Mostly to play devil's advocate, I will recommend something different than everybody else. If you can pay off the entire
Question: Is there any US bank that does not charge for incoming wire transfers? Answer: Schwab High Yield Investor Checking does not charge for incoming wires.
Question: When writing a covered call, what's the difference between a "net debit" and a "net credit"? Answer: When you enter into a multi-legged trade where one is a buy
Question: What is the best way to short the San Francisco real estate market? Answer: The most obvious route is to short the lenders, preferably subprime. Since there are no
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: There's a reason that you get a discount code: to make you feel like you're getting a deal.
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: Personally, I think it's a bad practice, because
Question: Is there a rule of thumb to help "Sanity check" insurance costs? Answer: Your best bet would be to find an independent Property and Casualty Insurance agent and buy
Question: How to protect your parents if they never paid Social Security? Answer: Wow. She really is in a pickle. Even though I can intellectualize that she ought have paid
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: You're hearing alot of talk about housing (and by implication property) not being an investment today because on
Question: Due Diligence - Dilution? Answer: You will have to check SEC forms to know this in full. A publicly-traded company will have an amount of publicly tradable shares which
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: In my view, it's better to sell when there's a reason to sell, rather than to cap your gains at
Question: Ways to establish credit history for international student Answer: I would like to post a followup after almost a quarter. littleadv's advice was very good, and in retrospect exactly
Question: Is the address on 1040 and MD resident 502 my previous address in 2013 or my current address? Answer: No, always give the most current address information to the
Question: Considering investing in CHN as a dividend stock Answer: The yield on Div Data is showing 20% ((3.77/Current Price)*100)) because that only accounts for last years dividend. If you
Question: What is a decent rate of return for investing in the markets? Answer: If someone is guaranteeing X%, then clearly you can borrow money for less than X% (otherwise
Question: What if 40% of the remaining 60% Loan To Value (ratio) is not paid, or the borrower wants to take only 60% of the loan? Answer: The loan-to-value ratio
Question: What are the tax benefits of dividends vs selling stock Answer: In the US, dividends are presently taxed at the same rates as capital gains, however selling stock could
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: I think the key to this question is your last sentence, because it's applicable to
Question: What makes a Company's Stock prices go up or down? Answer: There are many things that can make a company's share price go up or down. Generally, over the
Question: What is the best way for me to invest my money into my own startup? Answer: Ask your accountant about convertable preference shares. This would permit you to loan
Question: Starting a side business slowly Answer: This is a great question! I've been an entrepreneur and small business owner for 20+ years and have started small businesses in 3
Question: GAAP or non-GAAP numbers in nasdaq.com? Answer: You're interpreting things correctly, at least at a high level. Those numbers come from the 10Q filing and investor summary from Microsoft,
Question: Paying taxes on dividends even though your capital gains were $0? Answer: I'd agree that this can seem a little unfair, but it's an unavoidable consequence of the necessary
Question: Determine share price from S-1 for company that was bought before going public Answer: The value of a share depends on the value of the company, which involves a
Question: What is the tax treatment of scrip dividends in the UK? Answer: I wrote about this in another answer: You can sell the scrip dividend in the market; the
Question: In Canada, can a limited corporation be used as an income tax shelter? Answer: Revenue Canada allows for some amount of tax deferral via several methods. The point is
Question: How can cold-callers know about my general financial status Answer: The cold caller is just a different way to contact you compared to the junk mail that they send.
Question: Is it ever logical to not deposit to a matched 401(k) account? Answer: Some have suggested you can put the money in the 401k then take a loan to
Question: How long do you have to live somewhere to be a resident for tax purposes? Answer: It's not so much about time but about intent. If your intent is
Question: Consolidate my debt? Higher APR, but what does that actually mean? Answer: There's a cliche, "out of the frying pan and into the fire". I've never had the occasion
Question: Value of a call option spread Answer: You have to look at the real price of the share to calculate the value of the spread. 42$ at the start,
Question: Combined annual contribution limits for individuals [duplicate] Answer: You're correct about the 401(k). Your employer's contributions don't count toward the $18k limit. You're incorrect about the IRAs though. You
Question: What is the US Fair Tax? Answer: Its a new way of computing sales tax. Wikipedia has a nice article on this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FairTax
Question: Should I pay my Education Loan or Put it in the Stock Market? Answer: The fact that you are planning to sell the property does not make paying down
Question: What is the psychology behind the Dead Cat Bounce Pattern and how can it be traded? Answer: You are correct, a possible Dead Cat Bounce is forming on the
Question: Should I have a higher credit limit on my credit card? Answer: As long as you're not trying to get a higher limit in order to actually spend more
Question: How to reach an apt going against inflation Answer: Inflation of the type currently experienced in Argentina is particularly hard to deal with. Also, real estate prices in global
Question: How much do brokerages pay exchanges per trade? Answer: There is no one answer to this question, but there are some generalities. Most exchanges make a distinction between the
Question: How can foreign investor (residing outside US) invest in US company stocks? Answer: (Note: out of my depth here, but in case this helps...) While not a direct answer
Question: Td Ameritrade Roth IRA question Answer: Failing some answers to my comment, I am going to make some assumptions: Based upon a quick review of this article I'd probably
Question: Does it make sense to refinance a 30 year mortgage to 15 years? Answer: There's several different trade-offs wrapped up in your question. In general, refinancing a mortgage to
Question: What are your experiences with 'self directed' 401ks? Answer: I use the self-directed option for the 457b plan at my job, which basically allows me to invest in any
Question: A debt collector will not allow me to pay a debt, what steps should I take? Answer: What you are describing here is the opposite of a problem: You're
Question: $65000/year or $2500 every two weeks: If I claim 3 exemptions instead of zero, how much would my take home pay be? Answer: It will usually take a week
Question: What tax advantage should I keep an eye for if I am going to relocate? Answer: Depends. If you can choose where to relocate to, then I second the
Question: I've got $100K to invest over the next 2 to 7 years. What are some good options? Answer: One of the things I would suggest looking into is peer-to-peer
Question: Should I get a auto loan to diversify my credit lines if I have the cash to pay upfront Answer: You should not seek a kind of debt just
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: Do you want to do it pre or post correction? If you're bearish on the market the
Question: Resources on Buying Rental Properties Answer: I would also suggest finding the training resource within your state for real estate agent license exam prep... When I was getting started,
Question: Where can I find the dividend history for a stock? Answer: Google Finance gives you this information.
Question: What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States? Answer: Altough this may vary a lot depending on where you live and your actual finance,
Question: What are "headwinds" and "tailwinds" in financial investments? Answer: The term "tailwinds" describes some condition or situation that will help move growth higher. For example, falling gas prices will
Question: Self employed as IT consultant and as massage therapist: Do I need 2 HST numbers? Answer: Given your clarifying points, it sounds like you are running both businesses as
Question: Buying shares in a company after you quit Answer: US law dictates that you cannot buy / sell shares in a company you work for except during open trading
Question: How to reduce mortgage rate with low income but high assets Answer: In your shoes, I would pay off the mortgage with the after tax investments and be done.
Question: Buy home and leverage roommates, or split rent? Answer: what I should think about. If you decide to do this - get everything in writing. Get lease agreements to
Question: What to do with your savings in Japan Answer: Been here in Japan 12 years mate, and you're right, the investment options here suck. Be very wary of them,
Question: Is stock in a company considered a good or a service, or something else? Answer: Stock is ownership. And whether the thing you own is a good or service
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it
Question: How can we get a hold of our finances again, with much less time to spend on accounting and budgeting, due to the arrival of our child? Answer: Good
Question: What should I invest in to hedge against a serious crash or calamity? Answer: If peak oil is a concern, hedge against the effects of high oil prices. Reduce
Question: Should I use regular or adjusted close for backtesting? Answer: You would have to compare your backtesting to what you will be doing in real trading, and try to
Question: How to do a direct cash flow statement given a stock ticker Answer: For US equities, Edgar Online is where companies post their government filings to the SEC. On
Question: What are FICA taxes for a sole proprietor in the United States Answer: FICA taxes are separate from federal and state income taxes. As a sole proprietor you owe
Question: Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon? Answer: Out of the money options often have the biggest changes in value, when the stock moves
Question: Could an ex-employee of a company find themself stranded with shares they cannot sell (and a tax bill)? Answer: It would take an unusual situation. They exercise certain types
Question: offshoring work and tax dilemma Answer: Generally for tax questions you should talk to a tax adviser. Don't consider anything I write here as a tax advice, and the
Question: Net money invested in Stock indexes ended up in red Answer: Not sure where you got the 296 crores figure. The data on the sheet shows activity by category
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: The answer, for me, has to do with compounding. That drop in price post-ex-div is not compounded.
Question: What are the taxes for trading debt/equity in India? Answer: Are these all of the taxes or is there any additional taxes over these? Turn-over tax is not for
Question: Are ACH transfers between individuals possible? Answer: Yes, many banks offer such a service. Often such payments can be made through their "bill pay" interface. You log in to
Question: The life cycle of money Answer: Echoing JohnF, and assuming you mean the physical, rather than abstract meaning of money? The abstract concept obviously isn't replaced (unless the currency
Question: Are these really bond yields? Answer: Those are the "right" yields. They are historically (but not "nonsensically") low. Those yields are reflective of the sluggish U.S. and global economic
Question: Real Estate: Please review my recent investment (with numbers from recent purchase) Answer: Okay so I am going to break this answer into a couple sections: Okay so first
Question: Do I need to write the date on the back of a received check when depositing it? Answer: Changed to answer match the edited version of the question No,
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: Another factor to consider, beyond the fact that growth and volatility go together, is that
Question: Which forex brokerage should I choose if I want to fund my account with over a million dollars? Answer: Oanda.com is a very respectable broker. They don't offer ridiculous
Question: What does the Fed do with the extra money it is printing? Answer: Usually the FED uses newly printed money to buy US treasuries from Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan,
Question: How to calculate my real earnings from hourly temp-to-hire moving to salaried employee? Answer: Here's an alternative. There are hundreds, maybe thousands, of contract engineering firms ("job shops") in
Question: How much life insurance do I need? Answer: Life Insurance can be a difficult decision. We have to first assess the "want" for it vs. the "need" for it,
Question: Making an offer on a property - go in at market price? Answer: Firstly, the agent doesn't work for you. He works for himself. It's in his interest not
Question: Does dollar cost averaging really work? Answer: If you have a lump sum, you could put it into a low risk investment (which should also have low fluctuations) right
Question: Is an Income Mutual Fund a good alternative to a savings account? Answer: Risk. Volatility. Liquidity. Etc. All exist on a spectrum, these are all comparative measures. To the
Question: Peer to peer lending business model (i.e. Lending Club) Answer: This is all answered in the prospectus. The money not yet invested (available/committed to a note but not yet
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: does it mean uncontrolled severe deflation/inflation is more likely to occur compared
Question: What determines a tax resident in Florida Answer: I think the 60 days/year come from the IRS tax residency determination, which isn't a Florida law but applies to all
Question: Credit card statement dates follow pattern? Answer: Check with your bank, usually a statement is either at the same day of month (e.g.: every 15th of the month), or
Question: Is it true that the price of diamonds is based on a monopoly? Answer: Yes, the De Beers Group of Companies is a diamond cartel that had complete control
Question: What is the most effective saving money method? Answer: A trick that works for some folks: "Pay yourself first." Have part of your paycheck put directly into an account
Question: How is income tax calculated in relation to selling used items? Answer: If I sell it for $50 can I write off the $50 loss. Only if you can
Question: Evidence for timing market in the short run? Answer: This is the S&P a bit over 20 years. If you've discovered a way to sell at 1400 in 2000,
Question: Alternative means of salary for my employees Answer: You can't Your problem is that no one will value you new currency call it bytecoin. People will ask why is
Question: Co- Signed car loan and need to have the other signer relinquish claim to ownership Answer: Your arrangements with the bank are irrelevant. Whoever is named on the title
Question: How can I help others plan their finances, without being a "conventional" financial planner? Answer: You need a license/registration to be a "conventional" financial planner. But as long as
Question: Where can I find a definition of psychological barriers with respect to marketable securities? Answer: I will teach you to be rich blog is all about psychological barriers and
Question: Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics? Answer: Credit Scores / Rates are based on sometimes simple and
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: Bullets, canned goods, and farm supplies that don't need gas (e.g. seed, feed, plows).
Question: How do you quantify investment risk? Answer: I use two measures to define investment risk: What's the longest period of time over which this investment has had negative returns?
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: If your refund is so small (like $20 - $25), and it's not worth receiving,
Question: Limits and taxation of receiving gift money, in India, from a friend in Italy? Answer: He wants to send me money, as a gift. Do you know this friend?
Question: Could someone explain this scenario about Google's involvement in the wireless spectrum auction? Answer: At the time of the auction android was just vaporware but many companies were restricting
Question: Does a US LLC owned by a non-resident alien have to pay US taxes if it operates exclusively online? Answer: As you said, in the US LLC is (usually,
Question: Best way to day trade with under $25,000 Answer: One way a lot of people bypass the pattern trading equity requirement is to open multiple brokerage accounts. You have
Question: Where can I get a list of all Stocks that were acquired or went bankrupt Answer: Where can I download all stock symbols of all companies "currently listed" and
Question: Are cashiers required to check a credit card for a signature in the U.S.? Answer: The signature actually harks back to the days before every business checked every transaction
Question: Do online repositories of publicly traded companies' financial statements exist? Answer: You can use the Securities Exchange Commission's EDGAR search engine to search all available SEC related filings. https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html
Question: what is the likely reason that the bank have a different year end than the other companies Answer: The exact Financial calander followed is different for different regions/countires. The
Question: When amending a tax return to include a futures loss carry back, are you not allowed to include a Schedule C? Answer: Is it true that you cannot amend
Question: Why are banks providing credit scores for free? Answer: I think the biggest reason is price; it's a lot cheaper now than it was to offer these. That's because
Question: Price difference among shares in Hong Kong and Shang Hai Answer: These markets are independent, just like any other stock market. For example, there are stocks on the Milan
Question: Why do they call them "financial products"? Answer: They are called "financial products" because they are contracts that are "produced" by the financial industry. For example, you could also
Question: Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance? Answer: The other answers have touched on amortization, early payment, computation of interest, etc,
Question: Debit card for minor (< 8 y.o.) Answer: It seems the age restriction for the Capital One MONEY account has been removed; I just read the entire terms and
Question: Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income? Answer: There's one factor the previous posters apparently missed here: You say "self-employment tax"--in other words, at
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: They start at a higher price and repairs are more expensive than with a standard car. From my
Question: Does Joel Greenblatt's "Magic Formula Investing" really beat the market? Answer: While it is true that this formula may have historically outperformed the market you have to keep one
Question: Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating? Answer: I am surprised no one has mentioned the two biggest things (in my opinion). Or I should
Question: Dec 31 accounting for S Corp - what to do with loss? Answer: Conceptually, the entries are: Yes. And since you're the sole owner, your basis will equal to
Question: I made an investment with a company that contacted me, was it safe? Answer: You can contact the french agency for stock regulation and ask them : http://www.amf-france.org/
Question: Can I exchange rental property for REIT stock with 1031? Answer: would buying the stock of a REIT qualify as a 'Like-Kind' exchange? Short answer, no. Long answer, a
Question: How do I find the mappings between sedol and isin codes? Answer: There is a relatively straightforward transformation explained on the Wikipedia page here and on the links from
Question: Is threatening to close the account a good way to negotiate with the bank? Answer: From the bank's perspective, they are offering a service and within their rights to
Question: What does "profits to the shareholders jumped to 15 cents a share" mean? Answer: What does it mean in terms of share price? Should the share price increase by
Question: Should I sell my stocks to reduce my debt? Answer: Depends from your general overall situation, but for what we know i would say: Definetely get rid of the
Question: Gift card fraud: To whom to report? How to recover funds? Is the party which issued me the card liable? Answer: Have you checked to see if anything else
Question: Is gold subject to inflation? [duplicate] Answer: Gold is a risky and volatile investment. If you want an investment that's inflation-proof, you should buy index-linked government bonds in the
Question: What traditionally happens to bonds when the stock market crashes? Answer: The short answer is if you own a representative index of global bonds (say AGG) and global stocks
Question: How to work around the Owner Occupancy Affidavit to buy another home in less than a year? Answer: Although it may be a little late for you, the real
Question: United Kingdom: Where to save money for a property deposit Answer: Ultimately you are as stuck as all other investors with low returns which get taxed. However there are
Question: Understanding SEC Filings Answer: There are a whole host of types of filings. Some of them are only relevant to companies that are publicly traded, and other types are
Question: Is buying a home a good idea? Answer: IF the price of the property (1) increases A LOT, you will just break even, on the huge expenses of home
Question: Can one get a house mortgage without buying a house? Answer: I've never heard of a loan product like that. Yes, if they keep the funds in an account,
Question: UK: How to *leave* self select stock and shares ISA (without selling the shares)? Answer: Your existing shares in their existing ISA(s) do not in any way impact on
Question: When is the best time to put a large amount of assets in the stock market? Answer: It's a tricky question w/out more context. If your only options are
Question: Living in my own rental property Answer: If it is a separate unit from the rest of the property, you can use that portion as an investment property. the
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: Personally the main disadvantages are perpetuation of the credit referencing system, which is massively abused and woefully under regulated, and encouraging
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: The collectible value of coins will probably increase with the underlying metal value. I'd collect coins for that reason and because I enjoy collecting
Question: A stock just dropped 8% in minutes and now all of a sudden the only way to buy is on the ask, what does this mean? Answer: You have
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: Staying with your numbers - a 7% long term return will have a tax of 15% (today's long term cap gain tax)
Question: When an insider discloses a stock trade are they required to execute? Answer: No. And furthermore, canceling based on insider information is not considered insider trading. SEC Interpretation from
Question: How to get started with savings, paying off debt, and retirement? Answer: I agree with the other answers here. You need to pay off your debts first, so that
Question: What can I take from learning that a company's directors are buying or selling shares? Answer: It is not clear when you mean "company's directors" are they also majority
Question: What does it mean "sell on ask" , "sell on bid" in stocks? Answer: Honestly, I wonder if the other answerers aren't overthinking it. Their answers are detailed and
Question: How does leverage work? Answer: JoeTaxpayer's answer adequately explained leverage and some of your risks. Your risks also include: The firm's risk is that you will figure out a
Question: Is there a mathematical formula to determine a stock's price at a given time? Answer: Try to find the P/E ratio of the Company and then Multiply it with
Question: Effective interest rate for mortgage loan Answer: With the $2000 downpayment and interest rate of 11.5% nominal compounded monthly the monthly payments would be $970.49 As you state, that
Question: Can I use stop limit orders on vanguard orders to prevent loss? Answer: You've laid out a strategy for deciding that the top of the market has passed and
Question: If throwing good money after bad is generally a bad idea, is throwing more money after good Ok? Answer: I have heard that investing more money into an investment
Question: what are the pros and cons of structured deposits? Answer: Say we are in 'normal times.' Passbook rates are 5% or so. Longer rates, 6-7%. I offer you a
Question: interest rate on online banks Answer: There are no "on-line" banks in Israel. There were various attempts to create something that would look like an online bank (HaYashir HaRishon
Question: Debit cards as bad as credit cards? Answer: If your goal is to make it harder for you to use to make impulse purchases then YES. Having to always
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: There's two scenarios: the loan accrues interest on the remaining balance, or the
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: While JoeTaxpayer gave a very insightful answer, and clearly the best answer, let me break it down
Question: Should I finance a used car or pay cash? Answer: I'd pay cash. Car loans are amortized, so sometimes you can get upside-down on the loan between 18-30 months
Question: Buy car vs lease vs long term rent for 10 years period Answer: If you plan to keep this asset for ten years then you can take the deprecation
Question: Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets? Answer: Here are the few points: Hope that helps,
Question: When can you use existing real estate as collateral to buy more? Answer: @victor has the most descriptive and basic idea on how this is done. The only thing
Question: How to estimate federal and state taxes likely to be due on my side income? Answer: Most states that have income tax base their taxes on the income reported
Question: Is it better to use DRIP or invest when stock drops before ex-date? Answer: Yes you can do that and it it wise to do so. However, you should
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: I do this very thing, but with asset allocation and risk parity in mind. I disagree with
Question: What are the contents of fixed annuities? Answer: An annuity is a contract. Its contents are "a contractual obligation from the issuing company". If you want to evaluate how
Question: What is considered a business expense on a business trip? Answer: The IRS Guidance pertaining to the subject. In general the best I can say is your business expense
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: Depending on your income/savings level and who you work for (if you work for a big company
Question: Strategies for putting away money for a child's future (college, etc.)? Answer: Saving for school is [fundamentally] no different than saving for any other major purchase: in addition to
Question: Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive? Answer: Aside from the market implications Victor and JB King mention, another possible
Question: TD Webbroker.ca did not execute my limit sell order even though my stock went .02 over limit Answer: TD will only sell the stock for you if there's a
Question: Mortgage refinancing Answer: Check the terms of your mortgage. If you are in a fixed-term mortgage, you can likely "over-pay" a fixed amount of the capital each year: typically
Question: Possible to purchase multiple securities on 1 transaction? Answer: There is such a thing as a buy-write, which is buying a stock and writing a (covered) call simultaneously. But
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: first, let me reiterate what everyone else is saying about rental rates having nothing to do with
Question: Resources to begin trading from home? Answer: As JoeTaxpayer has commented, the markets are littered with the carcasses of those who buy into the idea that markets submit readily
Question: Why does financial investor bother to buy derivatives and then hedge the position? Answer: Sometimes hedging is used if you have a position and you feel the market is
Question: Tax considerations for selling a property below appraised value to family? Answer: Is this legal? Why not? But you might have trouble deducting losses on your taxes, especially if
Question: How do cashier's checks work and why are they good for scams? Answer: There are two different issues at play here, and they are completely separate from each other:
Question: Can I get my property taxes lowered? Answer: There is no relationship between the government appraisal and the mortgage appraisal. The loan appraisal is done by a lender to
Question: Stocks given by company vest if I quit? Answer: You were probably not given stock, but stock options. Those options have a strike price and you can do some
Question: 401k Rollover - on my own or through my financial advisor? Answer: Call up vanguard and tell them you want to do a rollover. They walk you through the
Question: Is the stock market too risky for long term retirement funds? Why should a 20- or 30-something person invest in stocks? Answer: Look. Here's a graph of the S&P
Question: Why call option price increases with higher volatility Answer: The mathematics make it easier to understand why this is the case. Using very bad shorthand, d1 and d2 are
Question: How to transform dividends into capital gains? Answer: In the US, dividends have special tax treatment similar to, but not the same as Capital Gains. No easy way to
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: Basically, you have purchased 25% of the condo
Question: How can I calculate total return of stock with partial sale? Answer: If you just want to know total return, either as dollars or a percentage, just add up
Question: How to gift money anonymously to an individual after collection thru a donation site? Answer: Regarding the tax implications half of your question ... There seem to be a
Question: Can I work with two or more mortgage brokers at the same time? Answer: While it is possible, it's not a really good use of your time or theirs.
Question: How can I cash out a check internationally? Answer: I know someone around there, who might be able to collect it for me.Would I still be able to cash
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: It depends on the person. i will take turbo tax over any mediocre or poor accountant
Question: Gift Tax and LLC with foreign partners Answer: The LLC portion is completely irrelevant. Don't know why you want it. You can create a joint/partnership trading account without the
Question: Why ever use a market order? Answer: The original poster's concern is valid. Sometimes, market orders do get executed at seemingly ridiculous prices. In addition to Victor's reasons for
Question: How to get a down payment for your next home? Use current home as the down payment on the new one? Answer: I know you've clarified that you're in
Question: Does a market maker sell (buy) at a bid or ask price? Answer: Market Makers are essentially just there to process the buys and sells of traders, so just
Question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing Answer: All of the provided advice is great, but a slightly different viewpoint on debt is worth mentioning. Here are
Question: What happens if a bank no longer use an intermediary bank? Answer: If your counterparty sent money to a correspondent account at another bank, then it is completely up
Question: What is the process of getting your first share? Answer: You could also look up stock trading games. Basically, you get x amount of "money" and "invest" it in
Question: What is a Master Limited Partnership (MLP) & how is it different from plain stock? Answer: MLP stands for master limited partnership. Investors who buy into one are limited
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: MY recommendation is simple. RENT The fact that you have to ask the question is a clear sign
Question: 22-year-old inherited 30k from 529 payout - what is the best way to invest? Answer: Look through the related questions. Make sure you fund the max your tax advantaged
Question: When an investor makes money on a short, who loses the money? Answer: The correct answer to this question is: the person who the short sells the stock to.
Question: If I buy a share from myself at a higher price, will that drive the price up so I can sell all my shares the higher price? Answer: The
Question: Why do some people go through contortions to avoid paying taxes, yet spend money on expensive financial advice, high-interest loans, etc? Answer: An example, where I live. When you
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: Making a profit in trading is not a function of time, it's a function of
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: I'm looking for something simple, legal, reasonably formal, easy to setup and
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: Cosigning is explicitly a promise that you will make the payments if the primary signer can not.
Question: Is it better to ask for a raise before a spin-off / merger or after? Answer: I would guess that before the spin-off, more money would be available In
Question: How can I buy and sell the same stock on the same day? Answer: If you're going to be a day trader, you really need to know your stuff.
Question: Are prepayment penalties for mortgages normal? Answer: Mortgages with a prepayment penalty usually do not charge points as a condition of issue. The points, usually in the range 1%-3%
Question: Valuing a company and comparing to share price Answer: There are books on the subject of valuing stocks. P/E ratio has nothing directly to do with the value of
Question: How prudent would it be to invest (stocks/equity) in businesses that are based on Cash transactions? Answer: Every listed company needs to maintain book of accounts, when you are
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Lots of good advice so far. Here's some meta-advice. Read through everything here twice, and
Question: Where should I invest to hedge against the stock market going down? Answer: There are multiple ETFs which inversely track the common indices, though many of these are leveraged.
Question: Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices Answer: Probably the easiest way for individual investors is oil ETFs. In particular, USO seems to be fairly liquid and available. You
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: +1 They are over priced to begin with - More specifically they are expensive to create exclusivity, which
Question: Stock Option Value correlated to net worth of company Answer: I'm guessing you're talking about options given to employees. The company can issue stock options at whatever strike price
Question: Thrift Saving Plan (TSP) Share Price Charts Answer: TSP.Ninja http://www.tsp.ninja has all the TSP funds with good visualizations that are very similar to Google Finance.
Question: What is the difference between a bond and a debenture? Answer: Investopedia has definitions for both: Debenture: A type of debt instrument that is not secured by physical asset
Question: How are people able to spend more than what they make, without going into debt? Answer: I don't know about Jeff Bezos in particular but, in general, and with
Question: Formula that predicts whether one is better off investing or paying down debt Answer: Although I don't think you need to factor in risk tolerance to get the probabilities,
Question: Do I have to pay taxes in the US if my online store sells to US customers even though I don't live in the US? Answer: You're not physically
Question: How can one identify institutional accumulation of a particular stock using price and volume data? Answer: You can have a pretty good guess by looking at price pattern and
Question: Do property taxes get deducted 100% from the Annual Tax Return or only a fraction of them? Answer: To bring more clarity to the issue, Viriato will be entitle
Question: Negatives to increased credit card spending limit? [duplicate] Answer: The only drawback is if you spend more than you can with the new limit and end up having to
Question: What implications does having the highest household debt to disposable income ratio have on Australia? Answer: Stock market Tends to follow the DJIA and FTSE, so unlikely to see
Question: give free budgeting advice Answer: They've asked you, so your advice is welcome. That's your main concern, really. I'd also ask them how much, and what kind of advice.
Question: Are there extra fees for a PayPal Premier account? Answer: If you are using paypal to sell items online, you need a Premier (or better) account rather than personal.
Question: Help: Being charged interest on a loan for which I received no statements telling me of this debt for the past 15 years. Surprise! Answer: There is a ten
Question: Why have I never seen a stock split? Answer: You haven't seen one because you haven't looked for one properly. You can set a google alert for stock split
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: Trying to engage in arbitrage with the metal in nickels (which was actually worth more than a nickel already, last I checked) is cute
Question: Why REIT prices are not going down while bonds are being hammered? Answer: I don't like REITs because they are more closely correlated to the movement of the stock
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: I bought a Thinkpad in Dec 2007 using BillMeLater, which was
Question: Which U.S. online discount broker is the best value for money? Answer: I am very happy with Charles Schwab. I use both their investing tools and banking tool, but
Question: Is there such a thing as a non-FDIC savings account, which earns better interest? Answer: There are lots of credit unions that are insured by the National Credit Union
Question: Online resource to get expense ratios for mutual funds, index funds & ETFs? Answer: If you want the answer from the horse's mouth, go to the website of the
Question: Can I deduct taxes for home office as a freelance computer software developer? Answer: You can do it, provided that the bedroom is ONLY set up as an office.
Question: How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? Answer: I bought a house 6 months ago for $240,000 on an $80k salary am getting by just fine and
Question: As a young adult, what can I be doing with my excess income? Answer: This is all very basic and general advice, that works for most, but not all.
Question: Pensions, why bother? Answer: James, money saved over the long term will typically beat inflation. There are many articles that discuss the advantage of starting young, and offer: A
Question: Does a company's stock price give any indication to or affect their revenue? Answer: It would be very unusual (and very erroneous) to have a company's stock be included
Question: What to do when paying for an empty office space? Answer: This sounds obvious, but: If the landlord is easygoing, you could ask him if he's okay with you
Question: investing - where to trade online? (Greek citizen) Answer: The Greek Piraeus Bank offers such services for trading stocks in Athens Stock Exchange (ASE) and in addition 26 other
Question: How to learn about doing technical analysis? Any suggested programs or tools that teach it? Answer: Recommended? There's really no perfect answer. You need to know the motivations of
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: I thought I'd see if the credit card companies had anything to say about this while
Question: Am I still building a credit score if I use my credit card like a debit card? Answer: Regardless of how it exactly impacts the credit score, the question
Question: Got a large cash sum, wanna buy stocks. Should I buy all at once, or spread it over time? Answer: When you hear advice to buy index funds, that
Question: How to understand expenses matter relative to investment type for mutual funds? Answer: The net return reported to you (as a percentage) by a mutual fund is the gross
Question: When and how should I pay taxes on ForEx trades? Answer: I don't know how taxes work in Israel, but I imagine it is relatively similar to taxes in
Question: How do the returns generated via Equity/Debt investment differ from the returns from a Mutual Fund based on Equity/Debt? Answer: Just sticking to equities: If you are investing directly
Question: Do financial advisers in Canada who work at the bank, make investing decisions not in your best interest? Answer: The way this works, as I understand it, is that
Question: When should I start saving/investing for my retirement? Answer: Start now. It's a lot easier to save now than it is to start to save later.
Question: How do I adjust to a new social class? Answer: Beware of keeping up with the Joneses. Many of your free-spending neighbors are broke. Basically, the prices of things
Question: How do I get rid of worthless penny stocks if there is no volume (so market/limit orders don't work) and my broker won't buy them from me? Answer: Your
Question: Does it make sense to take out student loans to start an IRA? Answer: I will split my answer in a few sections... Note: I will not address the
Question: Events that cause major movement in forex? Answer: Sometimes the market has to be left alone. Too much interference of the policy makers to stabilize the falling market can
Question: Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit? Answer: I did a historical analysis a few years back of all well-known candlestick patterns against my
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: Dividends telegraph that management has a longer term focus than just the end of quarter share price.
Question: US tax returns for a resident - No US income and indian shares Answer: I'm assuming that by saying "I'm a US resident now" you're referring to the residency
Question: How to value employee benefits? Answer: To fairly compare a comp-only job to a job that offers insurance, get a quote for health insurance. Call your local insurance broker
Question: Nanny taxes and payroll service Answer: For Federal Return, Schedule H and its Instructions are a great start. You are the nanny's employer, and are responsible for FICA (social
Question: As a total beginner, how do I begin to understand finance & stocks? Answer: Your questions seek answers to specifics, but I feel that you may need more general
Question: Can buying REIT's be compared to investing in Real Estate? Answer: A couple of distinctions. First, if you were to "invest in real estate" were you planning to buy
Question: Getting a USD cheque, without too many fees, and with a sensible exchange rate? Answer: UPDATE: Unfortunately Citibank have removed the "standard" account option and you have to choose
Question: Is there a correlation between self-employment and wealth? Answer: In a well-managed company, employees bring more dollars to their employers than the employers pay the employees (salary and benefits).
Question: Tax liability in US for LLC's owned by an Indian Citzen Answer: The LLC will not be liable for anything, it is disregarded for tax purposes. If you're doing
Question: ESPP strategy - Sell right away or hold? Answer: For ESPP, the discount that you get is taxed as ordinary income. Capital gains is taxed at the appropriate rate,
Question: How do dividend reinvestment purchases work? Answer: In order: A seller of the stock (duh!). You don't know who or why this stock was sold. It could be any
Question: Offsetting capital losses against gains for stocks Answer: The loss for B can be used to write off the gain for A. You will fill out a schedule 3
Question: Is it ok to have multiple life time free credit cards? Answer: The following is based on my Experian credit scoring feedback and experience here in the UK over
Question: Job Offer - Explain Stock Options [US] Answer: Its important that you carefully read the agreement, if you accept the job. The options agreement will usually specify the vesting
Question: Is legal sending dollars to someone in Mexico, and sending them back for profit? Answer: It is certainly legal to transfer money between people, no matter how often, as
Question: "No taxes to be paid with owning Berkshire" Answer: It depends on your investment profile but basically, dividends increase your taxable income. Anyone making an income will effectively get
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: Insurance is for events that are both and Unexpected and, for
Question: How are mortgage payments decided? [duplicate] Answer: It's so that your total mortgage payment stays the same every month. Obviously, the interest due each month decreases over time, as
Question: Do developed country equities have a higher return than emerging market equities, when measured in the latter currency? Answer: First of all, the answer to your question depends on
Question: What considerations are there for making investments on behalf of a friend? Answer: If you want to do #1, then you should form an "investment club." This is an
Question: Are there any statistics that support the need for Title Insurance? Answer: When I bought the house I had my lawyer educate me about everything on the forms that
Question: I have $12k in a Chase checking account, but want to start earning interest/saving/investing/etc to make more money. What should I do? Answer: Aside from employer 401(k) matches (which
Question: Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit? Answer: First I would like to say, do not pay credit card companies in an attempt to improve
Question: How much does a landlord pay in taxes? Answer: I use a spreadsheet for that. I provide house value, land value, closing/fix-up costs, mortgage rate and years, tax bracket,
Question: Does selling mixed-term stocks with a LIFO tax strategy make sense? Answer: Your question is missing too much to be answered directly. Instead - here are some points to
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: In Britain it's standard practice to use an electronic bank transfer, otherwise known as a "standing order" for the monthly rent
Question: How do Transfer Agents/Share Registrars get the names of beneficiary shareholders Answer: In the United States, the stock certificate is updated to include beneficiary information. I expect it to
Question: How can one protect oneself from a dividend stock with decreasing price? Answer: A specific strategy to make money on a potentially moderately decreasing stock price on a dividend
Question: Net loss not distributed by mutual funds to their shareholders? Answer: When you invest (say $1000) in (say 100 shares) of a mutual fund at $10 per share, and
Question: Do I have to sell worthless stock to claim a loss and clean up? Answer: Generally, to be able to write off worthless securities, you need to show that
Question: Why are typical 401(k) plan fund choices so awful? Answer: To piggy back mbhunter's answer, the broker is going to find a way to make the amount of money
Question: Why would I vote for an increase in the number of authorized shares? Answer: As a common shareholder, why would I want to approve an increase in the number
Question: Do "Instant Approved" credit card inquires appear on credit report? Answer: Businesses you are already established with may do a soft pull to pre-qualify you for an offer. They
Question: Do I need to prove 'Garage Sale' items incurred a loss Answer: This is what this sounds like to me: https://www.thebalance.com/having-a-garage-sale-or-yard-sale-what-to-do-first-399030 also: http://blogs.hrblock.com/2012/07/25/garage-sale-money-does-the-irs-need-to-know/ Selling a personal item at a
Question: Micro-investing: How to effectively invest frequent small amounts of money in equities? Answer: (For people looking at this question many years later...) Schwab and Fidelity offer a wide selection
Question: New company doesn't allow 401k deposits for 6 months, what to do with money I used to deposit? Answer: Short answer is fund a Roth. If you are under
Question: Can I open a Solo 401(k) if I am an independent contractor but also work part-time as an employee? Answer: A Solo 401k plan requires self-employment income; you cannot
Question: Which forex brokerage should I choose if I want to fund my account with over a million dollars? Answer: With your experience, I think you'd agree that trading over
Question: Can I use my long position stocks as margin for my short sold stocks? Answer: 200% margin for a short sale is outrageous. You should only need to put
Question: Calculating theoretical Present Value Answer: The example from the following website: Investopedia - Calculating The Present And Future Value Of Annuities specifically the section 'Calculating the Present Value of
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: Wrong way round. Transitional arrangements are non-binding guidelines that
Question: What does a high operating margin but a small but positive ROE imply about a company? Answer: The operating margin deals with the ability for a company to make
Question: Can someone explain recent AAMRQ stock price behavior to me? Answer: There are things that are clearly beyond me as well. Cash per share is $12.61 but the debt
Question: Why the volume disparity between NUGT and DUST? Answer: NUGT and DUST both track GDX with triple leverage, but in opposite directions. GDX has been rising steadily throughout 2016,
Question: I just "paid" online with a debit card with no funds. What now? Answer: There are a few factors at play here. Depending on the bank that has offered
Question: S-Corp and distributions Answer: Does the corporation need the money for its ongoing business? If so, don't transfer it. If not, feel free. This decision has nothing to do
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: Possession is 9/10 of the law, and any
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: When I purchased my house I struggled with this same idea. I felt sick to my stomach signing
Question: Can you explain the mechanism of money inflation? Answer: In simple terms, inflation is a result of too much money chasing too few goods, i.e. there is an imbalance
Question: Are there index tracking funds that avoid the "buy high - sell low" problem? Answer: There are some index funds out there like this - generally they are called
Question: Should I buy my house from my landlord? Answer: Never buy a house unless you really want to buy that house. If you want to buy a rental, look
Question: Upward Spike in US Treasuries despite S&P Downgrade in August 2011 Answer: The only resources or references you need are a chart showing you what happened in those months.
Question: Layman's guide to getting started with Forex (foreign exchange trading)? Answer: Currency Trading For Dummies, no offense. The "For Dummies" series is well known for its expertise in every
Question: Would I qualify for a USDA loan? Answer: IMHO you are in no position to buy a home. If it was me, I'd payoff the student loans, pay off
Question: Consolidate my debt? Higher APR, but what does that actually mean? Answer: Your question indicates you really don't have a good grasp on personal finance. you might want to
Question: What happens to options after a stock split? Answer: It will be similar to what you have said -- the options price will adjust accordingly following a stock split
Question: Large orders and market manipulation Answer: If you own a stake large enough to do that, you became regulated - under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and Regulation
Question: Does a failed chargeback affect my credit score? Answer: If this chargeback failed then would it negatively affect my credit score? A credit score is a measure of how
Question: Explain: "3% annual cost of renting is less than the 9% annual cost of owning" Answer: The house that sells for $200,000 might rent for a range of monthly
Question: Calculating the total capital of a company? Answer: I was wondering how do we calculate the total capital of a company? Which items should I look for in the
Question: Can you explain the mechanism of money inflation? Answer: Your question asks about the mechanism of money inflation - not price inflation. Money inflation occurs when new money is
Question: Investment for beginners in the United Kingdom Answer: Most investors should not be in individual stocks. The market, however you measure it, can rise, yet some stocks will fall
Question: "Infinite Banking" or "Be Your Own Bank" via Whole Life Insurancewhere to start? Answer: Can't tell you where to go for a good policy, but I can tell you
Question: How should I report earning from Apple App Store (from iTunes Connect) in Washington state? Answer: If you're waiting for Apple to send you a 1099 for the 2008
Question: How does a lender compute equity requirement for PMI? Answer: In regards to the legal recourse, no there is none. Also, despite your frustrations with Citi, it may not
Question: Do I pay taxes on a gift of mutual funds? Answer: First of all, in the U.S., no Federal gift tax has to be paid by the recipient of
Question: How do I make a small investment in the stock market? What is the minimum investment required? Answer: There are more than a few ideas here. Assuming you are
Question: Is losing money in my 401K normal? Answer: It is absolutely normal for your investments to go down at times. If you pull money out whenever your investments decrease
Question: Best way to invest money as a 22 year old? Answer: Hopefully this $1000 is just a start, and not the last investment you will ever make. Assuming that,
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: Do not use a stop loss order as a long-term investor. The arguments in favor of stop losses
Question: Recognizing the revenue on when virtual 'credits' are purchased as opposed to used Answer: I'll assume United States as the country; the answer may (probably does) vary somewhat if
Question: Negative interest rates and search for yield Answer: Can it be so that these low-interest rates cause investors to take greater risk to get a decent return? With interest
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: I had a coworker whose stock picking skills were
Question: Stock valuation - Volkswagen Answer: (I live in the UK and along with my wife we both drive Volkswagen cars.) A few factors: VW is widely acknowledged as having
Question: Car dealer saying that they cannot see any credit information for my co-applicant. Could this be a scam? Answer: By law, your wife can get her full Equifax credit
Question: Recommended finance & economy book/blog for a Software Engineer? Answer: Another good economic comment blog is Naked Capitalism.
Question: Higher returns from international markets? Answer: Here's the 2009-2014 return of the S&P 500 (SPY) vs. Vanguard FTSE ex-US (VEU) (higher returns bolded) Another argument for them is their
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: If you carried a balance from the last month, then pay the card off
Question: Why is the number of issued shares less than the number of outstanding shares Answer: The formulae #issued shares = #outstanding shares + #treasury shares looks right. However it
Question: What does "no adjustments" mean? Answer: In addition to the adjustment type in NL7's answer, there are a host of others. If there are any adjustments, form 8949 is
Question: What is a good investment vehicle for introducing kids to investing? Answer: Buy them a physical stock certificate... you can request them from a broker, or buy through a
Question: What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out? Answer: You have to be the owner of record before
Question: How to find a public company's balance sheet and income statement? Answer: The balance sheet and income statements are located in the 10-K and 10-Q filings for all publicly
Question: Recourse with Credit Card company after victimized by fraud? Answer: If the business is being investigated by your state's Attorney General's office, then your first call should be to
Question: Is inflation inapplicable in a comparison of paying off debt vs investing? Answer: I'd agree, inflation affects the value of the dollar you measure anything in. So, it makes
Question: How to use proceeds of old house sale shortly after buying new house? Answer: Really this is no different from any kind of large lump sum and having a
Question: (Arizona) Bought a car with financing, do I take it to DMV/DOT? Answer: No you dont need to take your car to DMV, They will send you the number
Question: What type of investments should be in a TFSA, given its tax-free growth and withdrawal benefits? Answer: A questoin that I deal with almost every day. Like most investments
Question: Unusual real estate market with seemingly huge rental returns Answer: The way to resolve your dilemma is to consult the price-to-rent ratio of the property. According to smartasset.com: The
Question: Feasibility of using long term pattern on short term investments Answer: There are Patterns inside of Patterns. You will see short term patterns (flags / pennants) inside of long
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: It's important to understand that, in general, security transactions involve you and a relatively unknown entity
Question: How can a Canadian establish US credit score Answer: Sorry. As far as I know, a person's SS is the only way to establish credit. This is the first
Question: How can I find out what percentage the publicly traded shares (float) are of the total company? Answer: The best place to start looking is the companies "Balance Sheet"
Question: With respect to insider trading, what is considered "material information"? Answer: Some history: In the US, this is very tightly controlled and regulated. Although stock market securities insider trading
Question: Investing in income stocks for dividends - worth it? Answer: is it worth it? You state the average yield on a stock as 2-3%, but seem to have come
Question: Is This Money Laundering? Answer: No, this is misbehavior of sales software that tries to automatically find the price point which maximizes profit. There have been much worse examples.
Question: How to file tax for the sale of stocks from form 1099B? Answer: You report each position separately. You do this on form 8949. 7 positions is nothing, it
Question: How do banks lose money on foreclosures? Answer: The "just accounting" is how money market works these days. Lets look at this simplified example: The bank creates an asset
Question: I have $12k in a Chase checking account, but want to start earning interest/saving/investing/etc to make more money. What should I do? Answer: Lets make some assumptions. You are
Question: How do I set up Quickbooks for a small property rental company that holds its properties in separate LLC's? Answer: You need one "company file" for each company that
Question: In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house? Answer: I just read through all of the answers to this question and there is an
Question: strategy for the out of favour mining sector Answer: I'll take a stab at this question and offer a disclosure: I recently got in RING (5.1), NEM (16.4), ASX:RIO
Question: Why don't SPY, SPX, and the e-mini s&p 500 track perfectly with each other? Answer: I thought the other answers had some good aspect but also some things that
Question: How to correctly track a covered call write (sell to open) in double-entry accounting? Answer: I skimmed the answer from mirage007, and it looked correct if you're going to
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: Royalties. (Once you start getting them.)
Question: What happened when the dot com bubble burst? Answer: To add to the already existing answers, most of the dotcom companies used an accounting sheningan so profusely that everything
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: It's actually quite simple. You're actually confusing two concept. Which are taking a short position and short selling itself. Basically when taking
Question: A deferred capital gains tax similar to the real estate 1031 Exchange but for securities reinvestment? Answer: Sale of a stock creates a capital gain. It can be offset
Question: Will depositing $10k+ checks each month raise red flags with the IRS? Answer: Your main concern seems to be to be accused of something called 'smurfing' or structuring. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Structuring
Question: Just getting started and not sure where to go from here Answer: There's a lot going on here. I'd be making the maximum ($5500 for a single person under
Question: Close to retirement & we may move within 7 years. Should we re-finance our mortgage, or not? Answer: Refinance, definitely. Go for Fixed 15 years, which will leave you
Question: Does it make sense to take out student loans to start an IRA? Answer: I'd check the terms of the student loan. It's been a long time since I
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: Your friend is investing time & money in a business that does not list an address or
Question: Receive credit card payment sending my customer details to a credit card processing company? Answer: Yes, there are a bunch. I have used Paypal and it worked quite nicely.
Question: How a company in India can misuse my PAN number and its scanned copy that I provided as an interview candidate? Answer: There is a possibility of misuse. Hence
Question: Analyze stock value Answer: A Bloomberg terminal connected to Excel provides the value correcting splits, dividends, etc. Problem is it cost around $25,000. Another one which is free and
Question: Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there? Answer: Your biggest risk with a vendor like this
Question: How and where to get the time series of the values USDEUR? Answer: The Federal Reserve Bank publishes exchange rate data in their H.10 release. It is daily, not
Question: What would be the signs of a bubble in silver? Answer: How I recognize a silver bubble: I don't think silver is in a bubble. You state: What goes
Question: How do I calculate ownership percentage for shared home ownership? Answer: Accounting for this properly is not a trivial matter, and you would be wise to pay a little
Question: Should I buy my house from my landlord? Answer: There are probably thousands of houses that you could buy. If you want to buy a house, it is very
Question: Pay off debt with RRSPs, or refinance and roll into Mortgage? Answer: I would personally look at consolidating your debt at a lower interest rate by refinancing your mortgage.
Question: Investing/business with other people's money: How does it work? Answer: You can either borrow money... credit card, line of credit, re-finance your home, home equity line of credit, loan,
Question: Relative Strength Index: Yahoo vs Google Finance Answer: Look at the 'as of'. Google's as of is 11:27 whil Yahoo's is 11:19. Given the shape of the Google curve,
Question: Tax Witholding for Stock Sale Answer: I assume US as mhoran_psprep edited, although I'm not sure IRS necessarily means US. (It definitely used to also include Britain's Inland Revenue,
Question: What is the best way to invest in gold as a hedge against inflation without having to hold physical gold? Answer: Investing in gold without having physical gold is
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: Your calculations are correct if you use the same mortgage rate for both the 15 and 30 year
Question: Can I transfer my West Australian rock lobster quota units into my SMSF? Answer: SMSFs are generally prohibited from acquiring assets from related parties (whether it is purchased by
Question: What is the valuation of a company based on? Answer: It's safe to say that for mature companies, with profits that have been steady, and steadily growing, that a
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: Like many things, there are pros and cons to using credit cards. The other folks on here have discussed the pros and
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: Everyone is usually better off without insurance. A very few people are much better off
Question: Balance sheet, Net Increase Answer: The changes to Equity given are: Since the total change is 42,500, the difference would be change in Retained Earnings (net income), so net
Question: Company revenue increased however stock price did not Answer: looking over some historical data I cannot really a find a case where a stock went from $0.0005 to $1
Question: High-risk investing is better for the young? Why? Answer: I'm going to diverge from most of the opinions expressed here. It is common for financial advisors to assume that
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: I politely decline. Insurance is there to protect me against catastrophic financial loss (huge medical bills, owing
Question: What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A "sunk gain"? Answer: The opposite of a cost is an investment. Buying a car is an expense, usually a sunk
Question: Relation between inflation rates and interest rates Answer: I haven't read the terms here but the question may not have a good answer. That won't stop me from trying.
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Ultimately the question is more about your personality and level of discipline than about money. The rational thing to do
Question: What if I sell an stock that is going to give an stock dividend after the ex-date but before the payable date Answer: Here's what Investopedia says about payouts
Question: How to find a good third-party, 401k management/advice service? Answer: Any fee based financial adviser should be able to help you. I don't think you need to worry about
Question: Why are some long term investors so concerned about their entry price? Answer: I'm not sure who specifically you are talking about. Those are some pretty broad generalizations. Where
Question: How to make a decision for used vs new car if I want to keep the car long term? Answer: Hard to say in general. It depends on the
Question: While working overseas my retirement has not gone into a retirement account. Is it going to kill me on the FAFSA? Answer: According to the FAFSA info here, they
Question: Should I make additional payments on a FHA loan, or save up for a refinance? Answer: You would have to do the specific math with your specific situation to
Question: What is the lifespan of a series of currency? Answer: US currency doesn't expire, it is always legal tender. I can see some trouble if you tried to spend
Question: When is it better to rent and when is better buy in a certain property market? Answer: The first question is low long will you wish to stray there?
Question: How to make money from a downward European market? Answer: Invest in solid companies, not in esoteric products built on sand. The problem is with finance, not with real
Question: That "write your own mortgage" thing; how to learn about it Answer: You are asking about a common, simple practice of holding the mortgage when selling a house you
Question: Tax implications of diversification Answer: Yes, to change which stocks you owe you need to sell one and buy the other, which for tax purposes means taking the profit
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: It's Permanent Insurance, sold as a savings scheme that
Question: Optimal pricing of close to zero marginal cost content Answer: Software or any online service fits this category I suppose. There are two apps I pay for that are
Question: Shares Canceled after Merger Answer: It seems like this was a "stock for stock" transaction. That is, your company was acquired, not for cash, but for the stock of
Question: Should I sell my rental property or keep it if it has mold growth problems? Answer: I'm going to assume that you will spend the money to fix the
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: I have lived in my RC Home since 2008 and I have had ZERO
Question: Currently a Microsoft Money user on PC, need a replacement suitable for Mac Answer: Long time Quicken user, but I have Bootcamp on my Mac, and one reason is
Question: Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating? Answer: I'll just re-post my comment as an answer as i disagree with Michael Pryor. According to this
Question: Buying a car - advice needed Answer: I would actually disagree with MrChrister on this. You can afford yourself the car in this price range paid cash. I don't
Question: Is it really possible to get rich in only a few years by investing? Answer: 10 year US Treasury bonds are currently yielding 3.46%. If you're offered an investment
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: Interest is a fee that you pay in order to use someone else's money. Once you've made the deal, pretty much
Question: What exactly is BATS Chi-X Europe? Answer: BATS CHi-X Europe is a market maker. They provide liquidity to the order books of different kinds of equities on certain exchanges.
Question: New car: buy with cash or 0% financing Answer: There is a 3rd option: take the cash back offer, but get the money from a auto loan from your
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: If your refunds are subject to seizure because of certain debt arrears, it makes sense
Question: Understanding stock market terminology Answer: One of the most useful ways to depict Open, High, Low, Close, and Volume is with a Candlestick Chart. I like to use the
Question: If you buy something and sell it later on the same day, how do you calculate 'investment'? Answer: Not sure if your question is on topic, but the investment
Question: Financing Education through Credit Card or Student Loans Answer: If you are very sure, say 90%, that you'll pay the zero percent card off before paying interest, that would
Question: Evidence For/Against Real Estate Investing Vis-a-vis Investing in ETFs Answer: Real Estate potentially has two components of profit, the increase in value, and the ongoing returns, similar to a
Question: How can I decide whether do a masters even if I have go into debt after doing it? Answer: What should I do? Weigh your options and decide which
Question: Clarification on 529 fund Answer: Yes, maybe. The 529 is pretty cool in that you can open an account for yourself, and change the beneficiary as you wish, or
Question: Why can't a US state default, but a EU state can? Answer: But do you know about a US state risking to go default now or in the past?
Question: Rate of change of beta Answer: This is (almost) a question in financial engineering. First I will note that a discussion of "the greeks" is well presented at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greeks_(finance)
Question: How can the ROE on a stock be more than 100%? Answer: An operating margin will not compare with ROE. If a company has even a small margin on
Question: Buying a home without a Real Estate Agent - Who should I get to do the paperwork? Answer: Generally, the paperwork realtors use is pre-written and pre-approved by the
Question: Changing Bank Account Number regularly to reduce fraud Answer: To be absolutely sure you should call the agent and check That said I have been renting accommodation through both
Question: Any Experience with the Gone Fishin' Portfolio? Answer: Yes, the "based on" claim appears to be true  but the Nobel laureate did not personally design that specific investment
Question: How do I find an ideal single fund to invest all my money in? Answer: Though a fan of ETFs (esp. high volume commission-free ones) recently a single, new
Question: Exposure to Irish Housing Market Answer: I was in a similar situation, and used FX trading to hedge against currency fluctuations. I bought the "new" currency when the PPP
Question: In your 20s how much money should you have and how to properly use & manage it? Answer: You need a budget. You need to know how much you
Question: Why is RSU tax basis based on remaining shares after shares are witheld? Answer: Here is how it should look: 100 shares of restricted stock (RSU) vest. 25 shares
Question: Buy on dip when earnings fail? Answer: What is cheap? A stock may fall from $20 per share to $10 per share, but it may have gone from making
Question: Can capital loss in traditional IRA and Roth IRA be used to offset taxable income? Answer: Edited in response to JoeTaxpayer's comment and OP Tim's additional question. To add
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: Wow, you guys get really cheap finance. here a mortage is 5.5 - 9%
Question: Why do some companies offer 401k retirement plans? Answer: IRA is not always an option. There are income limits for IRA, that leave many employees (those with the higher
Question: Why is economic growth so important? Answer: If you have an increasing population but a steady supply of wealth then there will be a perceived effect of decline. As
Question: Should I buy a house or am I making silly assumptions that I can afford it? Answer: A common rule of thumb is the 28/36 ratio. It's described here.
Question: How good is Wall Street Survivor for learning about investing? Answer: I find this site to be really poor for the virtual play portion, especially the options league. After
Question: Foreign Earned Income Exclusion - Service vs. Product? Answer: As the name says, its for income earned in a Foreign country. If you have been paying US income tax
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: Have you looked at DIY roof repair? Caulking with tar adhesive, and shingle replacement isn't that hard,
Question: Salary equivalency: London vs Berlin Answer: Germany is substantially cheaper than the London . You would need at least double your current income to maintain the same lifestyle in
Question: A-B-C Class Shares: What's the difference? Answer: Classes of shares are not necessarily standardized. Some share classes have preference above others in the event of a liquidation. Some share
Question: Shorting diluting stocks Answer: It depends on how big the dilution is. Could be a good trade. Do the math yourself, many times nobody else has as all the
Question: Cash-basis accounting and barter Answer: If you don't track the accrued costs involved, then it means that the valuation of the deal will be somewhat arbitrary, but it still
Question: Why does capital gains tax apply to long term stock holdings? Answer: In Australia we have a 50% capital gain discount if you hold the asset for more than
Question: Entering the stock market in a poor economy Answer: Wow I love some of these answers. Remember why you are investing in the first place. For me I like
Question: Source of income: from dividends vs sale of principal or security Answer: The trend in ETFs is total return: where the ETF automatically reinvests dividends. This philosophy is undoubtedly
Question: Why is it good to borrow money to buy a house? Answer: In most cases of purchases the general advice is to save the money and then make the
Question: Why are capital gains taxed at a lower rate than normal income? Answer: Consider inflation. If you invest $10,000 today, you need to make a few hundred dollars interest
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: I recently drove past Winslow, Arizona and knocked out the fuel pump in my truck. It cost $500 to
Question: company market capitalization to total (annual) stock market capitalization Answer: Market cap is speculative value, M = P * W, where W is stock (or other way of owning)
Question: Is it possible to transfer stock I already own into my Roth IRA without having to sell the stock? Answer: No. A deposit to an IRA must be in
Question: Get interest on $100K by spending only $2K using FOREX rollovers? Answer: No free lunch You cannot receive risk-free interest on more money than you actually put down. The
Question: Why is Dell currently trading above the buyout price? Answer: Dividends would be a possible factor you are ignoring. If Dell has another quarter or two to pay out
Question: The Intelligent Investor: Northern Pacific Railway example Answer: Two of the main ways that investors benefit financially from a stock are dividends and increases in the price of the
Question: Account that is debited and account that is credited Answer: Strictly speaking the terms arise from double entry book keeping terminology, and don't exactly relate to their common English
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: The difference in interest is not a huge factor in your decision. It's about $2 per month.
Question: UK: Personal finance book for a twenty-something Answer: I will definitely recommend the following books The above books will open lot of eyes to exactly know what you are
Question: Is it possible to sell a stock at a higher value than the market price? Answer: The core issue is to understand what 'selling a share' means. There is
Question: Long term saving: Shares, Savings Account or Fund Answer: RED FLAG. You should not be invested in 1 share. You should buy a diversified ETF which can have fees
Question: How to make use of EUR/USD fluctuations in my specific case? Answer: Remember that converting from EU to USD and the other way around always costs you money, at
Question: Transfer money from a real estate sale in India to the US Answer: If you are using the money to invest in a property (even abroad) then you can
Question: Can a company control its stock through contracts with stockholders? Answer: Your first scenario, involving shareholders in a private corp being limited by a contractual agreement, is common in
Question: What does ES1 refer to in this picture? Answer: ES1 is the Bloomberg symbol for the CME E-mini S&P 500 front-month continuous contract. ES2, ES3, etc. will likewise yield
Question: Starting an investment portfolio with Rs 5,000/- Answer: I don't think it makes sense to invest in an FD since. 1.) A 30 day FD is not very likely
Question: Where can I lookup accurate current exchange rates for consumers? Answer: What you see on XE, is the rate at which it is being traded in the market. What
Question: What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate? Answer: 1- Wells Fargo does not own our current mortgage. They have bundled it
Question: Investment for beginners in the United Kingdom Answer: a) Go to Money super market and compare all the share dealing accounts and choose one to your liking. b) That
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: I know I came a little late to this discussion but let me give you my opinion. I think that purchasing
Question: Where can I find all public companies' information? Answer: Moody's is now Mergent Online. It's no longer being printed, and must be accessed digitally. In order to browse the
Question: Where should I invest my savings? Answer: Since you mention the religion restriction, you should probably look into the stock market or funds investing in it. Owning stock basically
Question: How much does it cost to build a subdivision of houses on a large plot of land? Answer: Let's think like a real estate developer. First you need to
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: Excellent answers so far, so I will just add one additional consideration: liquidity. Money invested in a mutual
Question: Credit rating in Germany Answer: The SCHUFA explicitly says on their website that their scoring system is a secret. However, if your goal is to be credit-worthy for example
Question: Why is it not a requirement for companies to pay dividends? Answer: You have plenty of good answers, but I want to add something that might help you grow
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Here's an interesting link to a discussion about an Australian investor group back in the
Question: Why are for-a-fee wires faster than 2+ day free ACH Answer: ACH transfers are the evolution of paper check clearing houses. Transactions are conducted in bulk and do not
Question: Are 'per trade' fees charged on every order or just once per stock? Answer: The answer, like many answers, is "it depends". Specifically, it depends on the broker, and
Question: A good investment vehicle for saving for a mortgage down payment? Answer: Assuming this'll be a taxable account and you're an above-average wage earner, the following seem to be
Question: Why do bank statements end on *SUCH* wildly inconsistent days of the month? Answer: Looking at your dates, I think I see a pattern. It appears that your statement
Question: Are real estate prices memory-less? Answer: For various reasons, real estate prices exhibit far more memory than stock prices. The primary reason for this is that real estate is
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: I think that Dave Ramsey has a good approach to
Question: How to compute for losses in an upside down trade-in of a financed car? Answer: Numbers: Estimate you still owe around 37000 (48500 - 4750, 5% interest, 618 per
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: The day I paid my last student loan payment and my last car payment was (January 4, 2000)
Question: How is a stop order price different from an ask price Answer: Stop order is triggered when the market reaches the price you set. Until then - its not
Question: Priced out of London property market. What are my accommodation investment options? Answer: Real Estate is all local. In the United States, I can show you houses so high
Question: Can a wealthy investor invest in or make a deal with a company before it goes public / IPO? Answer: IPO is "Initial Public Offering". Just so you know.
Question: Are there "buy and hold" passively managed funds? Answer: Passive implies following an index. Your question seems to ask about a hypothetical fund that starts, say, as an S&P
Question: Do retailers ever stock goods just to make other goods sell better? Answer: That happens all the time. The best situation for this to happen is when you have
Question: Filing 1040-NR when I have been outside the US the entire year? Answer: Yes, you can still file a 1040nr. You are a nonresident alien and were: engaged in
Question: Equity market inflow meaning Answer: If for every buyer, there's a seller, doesn't that also mean that there were $25B in outflows in the same time period? Yes for
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: neobudget.com is a website that does exactly what you are describing. It is set up for electronically using
Question: Why does the biotechnology industry have such a high PE ratio? Answer: Most biotech companies do not have a product they are selling. They have a set of possible
Question: How are unmarketable market orders (other side of the order book is empty) matched with incoming orders? [duplicate] Answer: I don't have all the answers. On a illiquid stock,
Question: Ask FBI permission to withdraw large sums from your checking or savings? Answer: An international Outlook (in this case Sweden in European Union). According to laws and regulations large
Question: What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out? Answer: Lets consider what would happen if you invested $1500/mo plus $10k down in
Question: Where can you find dividends for Australian Stock Market Shares (ASX) for more than 2 years of data? Answer: It's difficult to compile free information because the large providers
Question: If I sell a stock that I don't have, am I required to buy it before a certain amount of time? Answer: If you sell a stock you don't
Question: How to acquire assets without buying them? Answer: There are a number of ways someone acquires assets without buying it. People could have inherited assets. They could have been
Question: Why is company provided health insurance tax free, but individual health insurance is not? Answer: The idea is that the premiums (or costs) associated with the plan are a
Question: What's the benefit of opening a Certificate of Deposit (CD) Account? Answer: The benefit, as other answers have mentioned, is higher interest rates than are available compared to other
Question: What does "100% stock dividend" mean? Answer: A 100% stock dividend means that you get one share of the "stock dividend" for every share you own. For example, Google
Question: How should I prepare for the next financial crisis? Answer: Those crises are only an issue if you need your savings during the time of crisis. If you have
Question: What is the median retirement savings in the United States today? Answer: Statistics are often tough to grasp. Specifically, we need to understand the exact context and implication of
Question: How to calculate S corporation distribution from past K-1s? Answer: Disclaimer: I'm not a tax professional, or an expert on S-Corps. However, I do have my own S-Corp, and
Question: Can institutional, quant, or other professional traders "prey on" (make money from) retail investors? Answer: I can address what it means to "pick off" all those trades... As quantycuenta
Question: Is there any chance for a layperson to gain from stock exchange? [duplicate] Answer: It depends what you mean by 'gain'. Over long period of times the market increases
Question: Should withheld income tax be included as income? Answer: This very topic was the subject of a question on workplace SE https://workplace.stackexchange.com/questions/8996/what-can-relocation-assistance-entail TL/DR; From tax publication 521 - Moving
Question: What is the most common and profitable investment for a good retirement in Australia? Answer: I don't look to Super or Pension, I am working on self funding. My
Question: US tax for a resident NRI Answer: Please declare everything you earn in India as well as the total amount of assets (it's called FBAR). The penalties for not
Question: How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)? Answer: In Canada I think you'd do it as a % of square footage. For
Question: what is the timezone that yahoo uses for stock information Answer: Using your example link, I found the corresponding chart for a stock that trades on London Stock Exchange:
Question: Using Euros to buy and sell NASDAQ stocks Answer: Does the Spanish market, or any other market in euroland, have the equivalent of ETF's? If so there ought to
Question: What is the best use of "spare" money? Answer: Investing in mutual funds, ETF, etc. won't build a large pool of money. Be an active investor if your nature
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: There are a couple of reasons that a person might choose to use
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: First, I would point you to this question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing With
Question: Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home? Answer: If you get a loan for 80% of the value of
Question: Does borrowing from my 401(k) make sense in my specific circumstance? Answer: Since most of the answers are flawed in their logic, I decided to respond here. 1) "What
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: The obvious answer for savings costs with a car is not to have a car. Of course
Question: In a house with shared ownership, if one person moves out and the other assumes mortgage, how do we determine who owns what share in the end? Answer: This
Question: Should you diversify your bond investments across many foreign countries? Answer: The Vanguard Emerging Market Bond Index has a SEC yield of 4.62%, an expense ratio of 0.34%, a
Question: Does high frequency trading (HFT) punish long-term investment? Answer: Not really. High frequency traders affect mainly short term investors. If everyone invested long-term and traded infrequently, there would be
Question: Can I do periodic rollovers from my low-perfoming 401k to an IRA? Answer: You need to check with your employer. It is called an in-service rollover and it is
Question: Recourse with Credit Card company after victimized by fraud? Answer: I agree that you shouldn't give up trying to get your money back, but I strongly feel that this
Question: How does a no-limit charge card affect your credit score? Answer: Apparently it is up to the credit card company on how they want to report your available balance.
Question: Get tax deduction for expensive car expense Answer: Unless you own a business and the car is used in that business you can't write off your auto repairs. If
Question: Are credit histories/scores international? Answer: Currently the credit history are not International but are local. Many countries don't have a concept of credit history yet. Having said that, if
Question: Perform exercise-and-hold AND exercise-and-sell-to-cover? Answer: Ask the folks administering your plan. They're the ones who define and implement the available choices for that specific plan.
Question: College student - I'm a 'dependent' and my parents won't apply for the Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan Answer: Smart parents not wanting to get stuck
Question: Stock Certificate In two names Answer: I'd call it pretty worrisome. HOOB is trading over the counter, in fact, on the pink sheets, so it has been delisted from
Question: Suitable Vanguard funds for a short-term goal (1-2 years) Answer: If you are younger, and you not under undue pressure to buy a home at any particular time, investing
Question: How to invest in stocks without using an intermediary like a broker? Can shares be bought direct? Answer: Agree with Michael here. The exchanges help you more than they
Question: What happens if a company I have stock in is bought out? Answer: A buy out is agreed by shareholders. Plus most countries have regulation protecting minority interest. Depending
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: I think there are a few facets to this, namely: Overall, I wouldn't concentrate on paying off the house
Question: How do insurance funds work? Answer: Sometimes 403b's contain annuities or other insurance related instruments. I know that in many New York schools the local teacher unions administer the
Question: Are "hard money loans" meant only for real estate? Answer: From Wikipedia: A hard money loan is a specific type of asset-based loan financing through which a borrower receives
Question: How can rebuilding a city/large area be considered an economic boost? Answer: It will have some positives, and some negatives. The hardest hit will be the insurance agencies, as
Question: Impact on Credit Worthiness (Getting A Loan with a Co-signer vs without) Answer: It doesn't matter to the credit agencies if there is a co-signer or not. However, your
Question: Debit cards as bad as credit cards? Answer: Debit cards are the dumbest development ever. I now have a piece of plastic that allows any yahoo to cause me
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: Personally, I don't think that the interest from the car loan is worth the credit history you're building
Question: How can I save on closing costs when buying a home? Answer: For example: do I need a realtor, or can I do their job myself? In general in
Question: File bankruptcy, consolidate, or other options? Answer: Tough spot. I'm guessing the credit cards are a personal line of credit in their name and not the company's (the fact
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: Many small businesses are still cash and check. For example my landlord does not take credit card or online transfer. My
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: MoneyDance Is the way to go. I've been using it for years and it works
Question: Understanding how this interpretation of kelly criterion helps the trader Answer: I don't know too much about the kelly criterion, but going by the other answers it sounds like
Question: Hobby vs. Business Answer: Miscellaneous income -- same category used for hobbies.
Question: 28 years old and just inherited large amount of money and real estate - unsure what to do with it Answer: We don't have a good answer for how
Question: How do finance professionals procounce "CECL"? Answer: According to the following links, it is commonly pronounced "Cecil". https://kaufmanrossin.com/blog/bank-ready-meet-cecil/ The proposed model introduces the concept of shifting from an incurred
Question: About to start being an Independent Contractor - Any advice on estimating taxes? Answer: One possibility that I use: I set up an LLC and get paid through that
Question: Why would I buy a bond with a negative yield? Answer: The question in my view is going into Opinion and economics. Why would I buy a bond with
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: Many answers here have given what look to be useful perspectives on your question. I want to point
Question: Margin account: how to calculate the stock price that might trigger a liquidation of positions? Answer: Thanks to this youtube video I think I understood the required calculation. Based
Question: Opportunity to buy Illinois bonds that can never default? Answer: Sovereign immunity is the state's ultimate "get out of bankruptcy free" card. After all, the state has a hand
Question: Stock trading after a crash Answer: There are two things going on here, neither of which favors this approach. First, as @JohnFx noted, you should be wary of the
Question: Do stocks give you more control over your finances than mutual funds? Answer: In my opinion, the ability to set a sell or buy price is the least of
Question: Investment Newbie - Options in India - For $10K - for 10 years Answer: I would suggest you to put your money in an FD for a year, and
Question: Why so much noise about USA's credit rating being lowered? Answer: Dollar is the lingua franca of the financial industry and unluckily it is the US currency. It is
Question: Options for the intelligent but inexperienced Answer: I strongly suggest you read up the Option Greeks. You can be right about a stocks price movement and still not make
Question: Tracking Gold and Silver (or any other commodity investment) in Quicken 2010? Answer: I was able to find a fairly decent index that trades very close to 1/10th the
Question: What does "points" mean in such contexts (stock exchange, I believe)? Answer: What does "points" mean In any stock market, there are certain stocks that go up and certain
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: As Mr. Money Money Mustache once said: IF YOU HAVE CREDIT CARD DEBT, YOU SHOULD FEEL LIKE YOUR HAIR IS ON FIRE
Question: Is there a term that better describes a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) when it is negative? Answer: Same question had popped up in our office,and we got an
Question: person on loan with cosigner Answer: This will probably require asking the SO to sign a quitclaim and/or to "sell" him her share of the vehicle's ownership and getting
Question: How much life insurance do I need? Answer: If I remember the information in "The Wealthy Barber" correctly, he said: And as someone once said to me, "make sure
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: Short answer: No. Longer answer: The only reason to move would be to get out of the condo and into a SFR of equal cost
Question: What Russell 2000 price action would move TZA on the upside back to its 6000 level? Answer: the pricing model makes all inverse leveraged ETF decay over time. When
Question: want to refinance FHA loan, may move out unexpectedly and would like to keep as investment property, what are my options? Answer: Streamline refinance is the way to go.
Question: What is the meaning of Equal Housing Lender? Do non-banks need to display it? Answer: If a bank is evaluating a persons qualifications to qualify for a loan they
Question: How does a TFSA work? Where does the interest come from? Answer: As to where the interest comes from: The same place it comes from in other kinds of
Question: Stability of a Broker: What if your broker goes bankrupt? Could you lose equity in your account? Answer: Careful with the "stock stolen from your account" thing. SIPC protects
Question: Do credit ratings (by Moody's, S&P, and Fitch) have any relevance? Answer: The problems with ratings and the interpretation of ratings is that they are retrospective, and most people
Question: I just made $50K from selling my house. How should I invest the proceeds? Answer: It sounds like you want to lock-up your money in something relatively safe, and
Question: After Hours S&P 500 Answer: The futures market trades 24 hours a day, 5.5 days a week. S&P 500 futures market continues trading, and this gives pricing exposure and
Question: Is it possible for all the owners of a stock to gain or lose money at the same time? Answer: Take the case where a stock has just two
Question: Why can we cancel cheques, but not Western Union transfers? Answer: You are presuming that after the transfer, the cash is still "sitting in a Western Union register" but
Question: How do I interpret these income tax numbers for Chinese public company Dangdang Inc. (DANG)? Answer: It was not taxed in the previous years because it wasn't in profit.
Question: Why is the price of my investment only updated once per day? Answer: Mutual funds are a collection of other assets, such as stocks, bonds and property. Unless the
Question: Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do? Answer: Your employer could consider procuring benefits via a third party administrator, which provides benefits to and bargains collectively
Question: Finding a good small business CPA? Answer: The first place to look for an accountant is the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants which has a directory of CPAs,
Question: Should I include retirement funds in calculating my asset allocation? Answer: I'd imagine that it's a small portion of the population that can have much of both. If one
Question: Why do US retirement funds typically have way more US assets than international assets? Answer: It's likely that the main reason is the additional currency risk for non-USD investments.
Question: How to buy stock on the Toronto Stock Exchange? Answer: You probably bought the cross listed WestJet stock. If you wanted to buy shares on the TSE, I'd suspect
Question: What size "nest egg" should my husband and I have, and by what age? Answer: There's a bit of working backwards that's required. This is a summary of a
Question: How do I factor dividends and yield into the performance of a security? Answer: Good observation. In fact, the S&P index itself is guilty of not including dividends. So
Question: What does "Income generated in the U.S." mean? Answer: It means you must pay federal (and possibly state) tax on any income you produce in America -- including Internet
Question: How can my dad (grandpa) transfer shares to my 2 year old son? Answer: The most common way to handle this in the US is with a UTMA account.
Question: How can I tell what is "real" Motley Fool advice? Answer: The Fools have a range of advice from common-sense to speculative, aimed at different audiences (one hopes). As
Question: Should I pay off my student loan before buying a house? Answer: IMO student loans are junk debt that should be dealt with as soon as possible. Buying a
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: Is investing a good idea with a low amount of money? Yes. I'll take the angle that you CAN
Question: Looking to buy a house in 1-2 years. Does starting a Roth IRA now make sense? Answer: Lets do the math (assuming a lot of stuff, like your interest
Question: Deducting SEP-IRA contributions as a sole proprietor with no employees Answer: SEP IRA deduction goes to line 28 of your 1040, which is above the line (i.e.: pre-AGI). It
Question: Personal finance management: precise or approximately? Answer: Here is what we do. We use YNAB to do our budgeting and track our expenses. Anything that gets paid electronically is
Question: Can I resubmit W8-BEN with W9 form? Answer: Since you're a US citizen, submitting W8-BEN was wrong. If you read the form carefully, when you signed it you certified
Question: How do you quantify investment risk? Answer: The standard measure of risk is the variance of the asset. The return on investment of the asset is understood as a
Question: Can I get a mortgage from a foreign bank? Answer: Simple answer YES you can, there are loads here are some links : world first , Baydon Hill ,
Question: What percent of a company are you buying when you purchase stock? Answer: Your question has already been answered, you divide the amount of shares you own * 100%
Question: What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity? Answer: This was answered wonderfully in a recent Planet Money podcast: Why Gold?. Here are some higlights of gold:
Question: What is the added advantage of a broker being a member of NFA in addition to IIROC Answer: This shows that in each market (US and Canada) the company
Question: Why is the bid-ask spread considered a cost? Answer: This is a misconception. One of the explanations is that if you buy at the ask price and want to
Question: Personal Loan issuer online service Answer: Here is a simple loan payment calculator. If you allow early principal repayment, then you should just be able to plug in the
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: Very good answers as to how 0% loans are typically done. In addition, many are either
Question: Can I claim a tax deduction for working from home as an employee? I work there 90% of the time Answer: The short answer is yes you probably can
Question: 401(k) not fully vested at time of acquisition Answer: Probably not. If you were at a small company and asked such a question, you'd get advice and links to
Question: How can you possibly lose on investments in stocks? Answer: I think it may be best to take everything you're asking line-by-line. Once you buy stocks on X day
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: I'm glad that you feel like being fair and equitable to your
Question: How can small children contribute to the "family economy"? Answer: @MrChrister - Savings is a great idea. Coudl also give them 1/2 the difference, rather than the whole difference,
Question: Income Tax on per Diem (Non Accountable plan) Answer: A per diem payment is a cost of doing business for the company, not for you. They can claim it
Question: Do I need to pay Income Tax if i am running a escrow service in India Answer: Income Tax would only be levied on the 10% commission that you
Question: What is the proper way to report additional income for taxes (specifically, Android development)? Answer: You would report it as business income on Schedule C. You may be able
Question: Thinking of doing an MBA: Is an $80K top MBA school better than a $24K online MBA school? Answer: If you can get into the top school, it's a
Question: Is it better to buy this used car from Craigslist or from a dealership? Answer: You seem to be on the right track. I feel, though, that it's worth
Question: Highest market cap for a company from historical data Answer: Everything would depend on whether the calculation is being done using the company's all-time high intraday trading price or
Question: Do I need multiple credit monitoring services? Answer: Monitoring all three is good practice. That way, you will be notified as soon as there is a hard pull on
Question: Losing Money with Norbert's Gambit Answer: There's a possibility to lose money in exchange rate shifts, but just as much chance to gain money (Efficient Market Hypothesis and all
Question: Why are historical prices of stocks different on different websites? Which one should I believe? Answer: On Monday, the 27th of June 2011, the XIV ETF underwent a 10:1
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: I'd suggest you to separate "doing good" from "earning profit". Look at
Question: Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash? Answer: You can buy dividend stocks, just buy and hold. you will get cash or extra stock every quarter. You can
Question: Why invest in becoming a landlord? Answer: with 150K  to invest to "become a landlord" you have several options: Pay for 100% of one property, and you then
Question: Is it possible to create a self-managed superannuation fund to act as a mortage offset? (Australia) Answer: If you're under age 55 and in good health generally you cannot
Question: I'm 18. How to build good monthly income at my 20's? Answer: It looks like you need a lot more education on the subject. I suggest you pick up
Question: Can I apply prior years' capital losses against my employee stock option exercise? Answer: As I recall, the gain for ISOs is considered ordinary income, and capital losses can
Question: Are binary options really part of trading? Answer: As far as I have read, yes binary option is a part of trading. I saw tutorials on many sites like
Question: What happens if a company you hold short merges with another company? Answer: I don't have anything definitive, but in general positions in a company are not affected materially
Question: Why would a person not want to purchase a Personal Liability (Umbrella) insurance policy? Answer: You only need umbrella policy for large amounts of liability protection (I think they
Question: How and Should I Invest (As a college 18 year old with minimal living expenses)? Answer: The $1K in funds are by default your emergency fund. If absolutely necessary,
Question: What's the point of a chargeback when they just ask the merchant whether they owe money to the buyer? Answer: When you initiate a chargeback, the merchant has the
Question: What is the tax treatment of scrip dividends in the UK? Answer: The HMRC website says: Stock dividends are treated as income by virtue of CTA10/S1049, and taxable as
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Compound interest. Next time you buy a 100$ toy realize that if
Question: EIN for personal LLC: Is this an S-Corp? Answer: Having an EIN does not make the LLC a corporation -- your business can have an EIN even when treated
Question: Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating? Answer: It makes no difference for tax purposes. If you are 1099, you will pay the same amount
Question: Job Offer - Explain Stock Options [US] Answer: An option is a financial instrument instrument that gives you the right, but not the obligation, to do some transaction in
Question: I have a horrible 401k plan, with high expenses. Should I stay with it or move my money elsewhere? Answer: The first question is essentially asking for specific investment
Question: What software do you recommend for Creating a To-The-Penny, To-The-Day Budget? Answer: I've tried Mint, and I've tried Quicken. Now, I think Quicken is an annoying, crashy little piece
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: Why would people sell below the current price, and not within the range of the bid/ask? There are
Question: Deposit a cheque in an alternative name into a personal bank account (Australia) Answer: Unfortunately, Australian bureocrats made it impossible to register a small business without making the person's
Question: Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold? Answer: I think most financial planners or advisors would allocate zero to a gold-only
Question: Should a retail trader choose a broker with access to dark pools Answer: That's like a car dealer advertising their "huge access" to Chevrolet. All brokers utilize dark pools
Question: First Time Home Buyer - How much down payment? Where to go for Mortgage? Answer: You are correct that 20% has an impact on your interest rate, although it
Question: How do UK Gilts interest rates and repayments work? Answer: A title such as "5% Treasury Gilt 2020" expresses the nominal yield. In other words, 5% is the yield
Question: Why would someone want to sell call options? Answer: You appear to be thinking of option writers as if they were individuals with small, nondiversified, holdings and a particular
Question: I am under 18 years old, in the US, my parents have terrible credit, how can I take out a loan? Answer: Depending on the state this might not
Question: How does on-demand insurance company Trov prevent insurance fraud or high prices? Answer: I am not familiar with the startup you mentioned, but in general there are three approaches
Question: Do you know of any online monetary systems? Answer: You say you want a more "stable" system. Recall from your introductory economics courses that money has three roles: a
Question: Why is it important to research a stock before buying it? Answer: The following is only an overview and does not contain all of the in-depth reasons why you
Question: Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets? Answer: I think your reasons are good. Fundamentally accounting software is built to ensure you record your accounting data
Question: Everyone got a raise to them same amount, lost my higher pay than the newer employees Answer: This is one effect of rising minimum wages: compression of lower pay
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: There is an economic, a social and a psychological side to the decision whether to
Question: Do rental car agencies sell their cars at a time when it is risky for the purchaser? Answer: The rental industry is seasonal. They purchase additional inventory (vehicles) for
Question: Is gold subject to inflation? [duplicate] Answer: No. If you have to ignore a price spike, obviously its value is not constant. Gold is a commodity, just like every
Question: Accounting equation: does income really decrease equity? Answer: If your income stream goes up, it would usually increase both your "income" term and your "assets" term since that money
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: It's a phrase that has no meaning out of context. When I go to Las Vegas (I don't go, but if
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: From an amateur: Prices aren't entirely rational - they float, and the day to day prices of stock are an
Question: Company revenue increased however stock price did not Answer: Note that we do not comment on specific stocks here, and have no place doing so. If your question is
Question: How to receive packages pseudonymously? Answer: I've done this before for startup companies where I didn't want the mailing address to really obviously be my apartment or home address.
Question: Is it irresponsible for me to lease a $300/month car for 18 months? Answer: Some questions: Will you need a car after 18 months? What are you going to
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: In terms of preserving good relationships one approach is to charge a nominal rate of interest. maybe a
Question: If a stock is selling for less than book value, is the company headed for bankruptcy? Answer: No, but it is certainly a possibility. the efficient market hypothesis would
Question: What is network marketing? Answer: Network Marketing (also called multi-level marketing) isn't necessarily a skill that you learn in a course. It's a type of business model that's used
Question: How much money should I lock up in my savings account? Answer: One issue which I don't see addressed in the answers so far is how to structure bank
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: I have fairly simple tax returns and my experience was that TurboTax software produced roughly the
Question: How can I find a checking account that allows for automated transfers of dynamic amounts? Answer: Almost any financial institution has the technical ability to do this (simply called
Question: Deductions greater than Income : Traditional IRA to Roth Conversion? Answer: Answering for just the US part, yes, you should be able to do this and it's a good
Question: Annuities question - Equations of value Answer: These are the steps I'd follow: $200 today times (1.04)^10 = Cost in year 10. The 6 deposits of $20 will be
Question: Why is short-selling considered more "advanced" than a simple buy? Answer: When you short a stock, you can lose an unlimited amount of money if the trade goes against
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: Yes, it is unreasonable and unsustainable. We all want returns in excess of 15% but even the best
Question: How long does it take for a Tangerine no-fee money-transfer email to be delivered? Answer: I phoned Tangerine; they enlightened me. It generally takes 2 hours for the email
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: You seem to think that you are mostly paying interest in the first year because of
Question: Money Saved on finance charges Answer: Avoiding a cost (interest) isn't quite the same as income. There is no entry, nothing for you to consider for this avoided interest.
Question: Can I negotiate a credit card settlement by stopping payments? Answer: This would be on your credit for ~8 years. If it goes according to your plan, it will
Question: How can someone with a new job but no credit history get a loan to settle another debt? Answer: The more I think about this the more I think
Question: How can I estimate the value of private stock behind employee stock options? Answer: Okay, I'm going to give you my opinion based on experience; not any technical understanding.
Question: What is a bull put spread? Answer: Bull means the investor is betting on a rising market. Puts are a type of stock option where the seller of a
Question: Alternatives to Intuit's PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment? Answer: Something you may want to consider if you are still choosing a bill-paying service is the
Question: What are non-qualified stock options? Answer: Non-qualified stock options are like regular incentive stock options but without the preferential treatments that ISOs get: Companies like to give NQSOs because
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: For some people, it should be a top priority. For others, there are higher priorities. What it should
Question: Do stock splits make one's shares double in voting power? Answer: Ordinarily a stock split increases all shareholders' share counts, so that there is no change in anybody's voting
Question: Paypal website donations without being a charity Answer: Yes, PayPal allows you to add a donate button to your website. You're responsible for any tax record-keeping related to income
Question: Do there exist any wikipedia type sites for evaluating financial service providers? Answer: It is always a good idea if you are worried about customer service and hidden gotchas
Question: does interest payment on loan stay the same if I pay early Answer: It depends on the type of loan. Fully amortized loans have a schedule of payments don't
Question: If I have all this stock just sitting there, how can I lend it out to people for short selling? Answer: One alternative strategy you may want to consider
Question: Should an ADR that is being delisted be sold off? Answer: I'm a bit out of my element here, but my guess is the right way to think about
Question: Ethics and investment Answer: Domini offers such a fund. It might suit you, or it might include things you wish to avoid. I'm not judging your goals, but would
Question: Does a stock holder profit from a reverse-stock split? Answer: These are not real gains. Wherever you're looking this up, the prices are not adjusted for corporate actions. In
Question: If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them? Answer: Why would you even accept 75K in cash? If anything is going to trigger
Question: What is the difference between a scrip dividend and a stock split? Answer: Investopedia has a good definition. Stock dividends are similar to cash dividends; however, instead of cash,
Question: What is a Student Loan and does it allow you to cover a wide range of expenses relating to school? Answer: Student loan is a class of unsecured loan.
Question: If I get a bill (e.g. for internet service), is that a debt I owe? If no, what are the practical difference between a bill and a debt? Answer:
Question: Can stock brokerage firms fail? Answer: Brokerages are supposed to keep your money separate from theirs. So, even if they fail as a company, your money and investments are
Question: Should I invest in real estate to rent, real estate to live in, or just stocks and bonds to earn 10-15%? Answer: You are in your mid 30's and
Question: Wash sale rule question Answer: Yes. On December 10, you have a wash sale. As long as you don't buy the stock back for 30 days after that, the
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Overpriced shares: Cheaper to raise new capital through secondary share offerings or
Question: Personal Banking using accrual method Answer: You would add your daily earnings every day. For example, you work full time job (8 hours a day) at $20/hour. At the
Question: Automate Savings by Percentage on varying paychecks? Answer: You just need to average out the weekly hours and income over the year. So if his yearly income is $100,000
Question: Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes? Answer: Congratulations! I would start with an attorney. As a 17 year old, you legally cannot sign contracts, so you're
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: As others have shown, if you assume that you can get 6% and you
Question: How does giving to charity work? Answer: If I donate $10,000 to charity then I can deduct that $10,000 from my income and not pay income taxes on it.
Question: Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon? Answer: I suggest you look at many stocks' price history, especially around earnings announcements. It's certainly a
Question: If a stock has only buyers and no sellers how does its price go up? Answer: You can, in theory, have the stock price go up without any trading
Question: Capitalize on a falling INR Answer: By no means is this a comprehensive list, but a few items to consider:
Question: What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history Answer: You have what is called in the biz a "thin file". Check with a Credit Union.
Question: Multiple hard inquiry for a single loan from car dealer? Answer: (I'm a bit surprised that nobody talked about the impact of multiple inquiries on a loan, since OP
Question: Is the best ask price the ask at the "top" of the order book? What is the "top" of the book? Answer: You're confusing a specific visual representation of
Question: Why does financial investor bother to buy derivatives and then hedge the position? Answer: I don't know why a financial investor or a retail trader would do this. But
Question: How much (paper) cash should I keep on hand for an emergency? Answer: Coming from an area that is hurricane prone, and seeing what happens to local businesses during
Question: Over the long term, why invest in bonds? Answer: If I don't need this money for decades, meaning I can ride out periodical market crashes, why would I invest
Question: Investing in real estate when the stock market is high, investing in stocks when it's low? Answer: You're "onto" something. Investing in real estate was not a bad idea
Question: ISA - intra year profits and switching process Answer: You're overthinking it. The ISA limit applies to the amount you invest into the ISA. In your example, 10,000. Whether
Question: How to acquire skills required for long-term investing? Answer: Far and away the most valuable skill in investing, in my opinion, is emotional fortitude. You need to have the
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: I must say, I can't completely agree with the tone of most of these answers. I think there may be a good
Question: Is it ok to just report to 1 credit bureau instead of all 3 Answer: The reason you would want to report to all three is because lenders don't
Question: What size "nest egg" should my husband and I have, and by what age? Answer: Here's another answer on the topic: Saving for retirement: How much is enough? An
Question: Visitor Shopping in the US: Would I get tax refund? Would I have to pay anything upon departure? Answer: The US doesn't have a Value Added Tax, which is
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: I almost agree. I am not completely sure about the ownership of
Question: Disputing Items to Improve Credit Report Answer: A few points: The reason your lender is asking you to be above 580 is because that is the magic number for
Question: Offered a job: Should I go as consultant / independent contractor, or employee? Answer: Your comment to James is telling and can help us lead you in the right
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: First, let me answer the question the best way I can: I don't know if there
Question: Pay online: credit card or debit card? Answer: In the UK it is almost always better to purchase with a credit card for transactions above 100 but below 30,000.
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: You promised to pay the loan if he didn't. That was a commitment, and I recommend "owning"
Question: How can small children contribute to the "family economy"? Answer: There is also babysitting, dog walking and house sitting. Depending on their age of course. You should also investigate
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: The issue is the time frame. With a one year investment
Question: What exactly is BATS Chi-X Europe? Answer: Yes, it would be incorrect to refer to BATS Chi-X Europe as a market maker. Market makers make markets on BATS Chi-X
Question: Uncashed paycheck 13 years old Answer: Under US law, a bank is not obligated to honor a check that is more than six months old.  4-404. BANK NOT
Question: Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store? Answer: The downside of the store card is that the "deal"
Question: Primary residence converted to a rental property & tax implications Answer: Schedule E is the form you'll use. It lists nearly all deductions you can take for a rental.
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: One study found that, while people using gift certificates bought no more items than those who
Question: I have an extra 1000 per month, what should I do with it? Answer: Lots of good advice on investing already. You may also want to think about two
Question: How can I have credit cards without having a credit history or credit score? Answer: For instance and to give a comparison to the US - in Austria, almost
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: This was most likely a scam, although I do know of
Question: Wash sale rule with dividend reinvestment Answer: You sold all shares? The potential wash sale effect goes away after 30 days from the dividend date. Selling all shares of
Question: Any good software for value investment? Answer: I hope people dont see this as being facetious but invest some time in learning to do that with Excel. Most financial
Question: Pay off entire mortgage or put into investments Answer: At the moment the interest rate... implies a variable rate mortgage. I believe rates are only going to go up
Question: US taxes and refunding/returning payment Answer: Get the worker put it in writing, and deduct it in December under constructive receipt rules. The fact that you're getting the actual
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: I estimated that the mean expected cash value of a $ 1.00 MegaMillions ticket in
Question: How can put options be used to buy shares at a lower price? Answer: Cart's answer describes well one aspects of puts: protective puts; which means using puts as
Question: 100% Ownership and 30% profit to sale director Answer: Perhaps an example will help make it more clear. Any given year: Revenue: 200K, profit 60K You get 40K in
Question: Options tax treatment Answer: You would not owe any taxes in the 2015 year, unless you got exercised and called away in 2015. The premium would be short term
Question: How do you invest in real estate without using money? Answer: I have a friend who had went on a seminar with FortuneBuilders (the company that has Than Merrill
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: It's a very simple equation. If we forget about the stress and limitations that come
Question: How do I claim HST compensation on my personal Ontario income taxes? Answer: Your income and expenses for the business should be independent of HST. That is, if you
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: Why do these fees exist? From a Banks point of view, they are operating in Currency A; Currency
Question: To rebalance or not to rebalance Answer: This answer will assume you know more math than most. An ideal case: For the point of argument, first consider the following
Question: Are there any risks from using mint.com? Answer: Here's a very simple answer, ask your broker/bank. Mine uses ofx. When asked if they would reimburse me for any unauthorized
Question: Opening and funding an IRA in three days - is this feasible? Answer: Some banks and credit unions have IRA accounts. They pay interest like a savings account or
Question: What is the benefit of investing in retirement plan versus investing directly in stocks yourself? Answer: In the US, the key to understanding the benefits of retirement accounts is
Question: Why did the Swiss National Bank fix the EUR/CHF exchange rate at CHF 1.20? Answer: As the European crisis worsened the Swiss Franc (CHF) was seen as a safe
Question: Why does my checking/savings account offer a higher interest rate than a standalone savings account? Answer: The key is that you need to use your debit card to earn
Question: W8-BEN for an Indian Citizen Answer: According to the Form W-8BEN instructions for Part II, Line 10: Line 10. Line 10 must be used only if you are claiming
Question: Can I change my loan term from 60 to 36 months? Answer: Just call your credit union and ask if they will let you refinance at the lower rate.
Question: Source of income: from dividends vs sale of principal or security Answer: All that it is saying is that if you withdraw money from your account it doesn't matter
Question: Do US banks exchange info with countries abroad? Answer: Banks do not report transactions within accounts except as required by law, usually as part of anti-money-laundering efforts. Generally those
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Sometimes I think it helps to think of the scenario in reverse. If you had a completely paid off car,
Question: Why are daily rebalanced inverse/leveraged ETFs bad for long term investing? Answer: The problem with daily-rebalanced "inverse" or "leveraged" ETFs is that since they rebalance every day, you can
Question: Is it ever logical to not deposit to a matched 401(k) account? Answer: The original question was aimed at early payment on a student loan at 6%. Let's look
Question: Meaning of capital market Answer: Just to clarify, In wikipedia when it says It is defined as a market in which money is provided for periods longer than a
Question: Why are there many small banks and more banks in the U.S.? Answer: First, is population density. You didn't say where exactly, but for example here in Tampa, Wells
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: First I'd like to echo msemack's answer. Start by maxing out your 401K and IRA
Question: Where can I lookup accurate current exchange rates for consumers? Answer: Current and past FX rates are available on Visa's website. Note that it may vary by country, so
Question: Taxing GoFundMe Donations Answer: The $20k limit seems to be (from another answer) the threshold for GoFundMe to report the campaign. However, such a report does not change the
Question: Transfering funds from India to the US Answer: Can I transfer funds from India to USA which I have borrowed in India. Funds borrowed in India may not be
Question: Are the sellers selling pre-IPO shares over these websites legitimate or fake? Answer: I think you're right that these sites look so unprofessional that they aren't likely to be
Question: Covered calls: How to handle this trade? Answer: I would expect that your position will be liquidated when the option expires, but not before. There's probably still some time
Question: What are reasonable administrative fees for an IRA? Answer: Zero. Zero is reasonable. That's what Schwab offers with a low minimum to open the IRA. The fact is, you'll
Question: What are the procedures or forms for a private loan with the sale of a vehicle? Answer: The Nebraska DMV web site has a neat page about this. It
Question: Hdgs to be removed from the S&P/ASX Indices Answer: As I said in the comments, from the SMH article, you will get $3.30 per share you hold in Wotif.
Question: Buying my first car: why financing is cheaper than paying cash here and now? Answer: The dealership is getting a kickback for having you use a particular bank to
Question: In a house with shared ownership, if one person moves out and the other assumes mortgage, how do we determine who owns what share in the end? Answer: I
Question: Finance, Cash or Lease? Answer: Now, to buy in full (and essentially have zero savings), buy in part (10000 deposit, followed by a loan of 4000) or PCP/HP more
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: Some of the other answers mention this, but I want to highlight it with a personal anecdote. I
Question: Why naked call writing is risky compare to Covered call? Answer: There is unlimited risk in taking a naked call option position. The only risk in taking a covered
Question: Why are banks providing credit scores for free? Answer: Two possible reasons: You can tell which scenario it is based on the credit history they provide you. If you
Question: Is refinancing my auto loan just to avoid dealing with the lender that issued it a crazy idea? Answer: they apply it to my next payment That's what my
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: I want to add that in my country, Israel, the tax on cars is extraordinarily high. Cars in Israel cost in average
Question: UK Online Stock Tradiing for Beginner and Small Amounts? Answer: Try something like this: http://www.halifax.co.uk/sharedealing/our-accounts/fantasy-trader/ Virtual or fantasy trading is a great way to immerse yourself in that world
Question: Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets? Answer: Since this is a cooperative I'm guessing your partners may want to be able to view the books
Question: Why do people use mortgages, when they could just pay for the house in full? Answer: The advantage of using a mortgage is that you pay for a house
Question: Which account type to use for claimable expense I pay upfront for my employer? Answer: I used Quicken, so this may or may not be helpful. I have a
Question: Can I Accept Gold? Answer: Yes. But the question is do you want to have gold? If you are going to buy gold anyway, and if you can get
Question: How do I figure out the market value of used books? Answer: Half of original MSRP at Amazon is a good option for books that are in good condition.
Question: What investments are positively related to the housing market decline? Answer: A possibility could be real estate brokerage firms such as Realogy or Prudential. Although a brokerage commission is
Question: Should we invest some of our savings to protect against inflation? Answer: Are there still people who keep significant amounts of money in a bank savings account? You could
Question: Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card? Answer: Some businesses verify the shipping address with the credit card
Question: Foreign national currently working in U.S. & investing in 401(k) plan: How will taxes apply? Answer: The 401(k) contribution is Federal tax free, when you make the contribution, and
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: To answer the first part of your question: yes, I've done that! I did even a bit more. I once had a
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: Which to do is determined
Question: Is stock in a company considered a good or a service, or something else? Answer: Facebook the company is probably better understood as a capital good - it is
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: I'm not directly affiliated with the company (I work for one of the add-on partners) but I can wholeheartedly recommend Xero for both personal and
Question: How do taxes work with donations made to an individual, e.g. for free software I wrote? Answer: Do I report it as income? Is it subject to just the
Question: How can my dad (grandpa) transfer shares to my 2 year old son? Answer: A UTMA may or may not fit your situation. The main drawbacks to a UTMA
Question: Is it legal for a landlord to report a large payment to a tenant using Form 1099? Answer: I believe it's not only legal, but correct and required. A
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: You should definitively check boobank. It's not a bank !, but a framework that helps people to create
Question: Deposit a cheque in an alternative name into a personal bank account (Australia) Answer: You don't have much choice other than to open an account in your business name,
Question: Fringe Benefits (Lodging) for single member S-Corp Answer: None whatsoever, no. Moreover, trying something like that would very likely trigger a full audit.
Question: Why would a bank take a lower all cash offer versus a higher offer via conventional lending? Answer: A bank selling a foreclosed property would negotiate a lower cash
Question: Is is possible to take a mortgage using Bitcoin as collateral? Answer: This doesn't make any sense. For the people who ask you this, suggest that they borrow the
Question: To rebalance or not to rebalance Answer: Rebalancing is, simply, a way of making sure your risk/reward level is where you want it to be. Let's say you've decided
Question: How much does it cost to build a subdivision of houses on a large plot of land? Answer: Obviously you're missing that there is no house on the land
Question: How to find a public company's balance sheet and income statement? Answer: The websites of the most publicly traded companies publish their quarterly and annual financials. Check the investor
Question: Can a car company refuse to give me a copy of my contract or balance details? Answer: No, they cannot refuse to provide you with the current balance or
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: Basically, your CC is (if normal) compounded monthly, based on a yearly APR. To calculate the amount of interest you'd
Question: At what point do index funds become unreliable? Answer: A great deal of analysis on this question relies on misunderstandings of the market or noticing trends that happened at
Question: What types of careers consistently make the most money entering with no background or social skills? Answer: It sounds like you're massively under-selling yourself. You presumably have a degree
Question: Determining amount of inflation between two dates Answer: You want percent change between the two numbers listed under whatever heading you'll be using in the CPI. As an example,
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: Shariah compliant investments attempt to achieve your "ethical investing" ideals. Many countries
Question: What's the most correct way to calculate market cap for multi-class companies? Answer: From their 10-K pulled directly from Edgar: As of October 22, 2015, there were 291,327,781 shares
Question: Can I estimate other people's credit limit at the grocery store? Answer: The minimum amount is set by the merchant services provider based on the kind of business, its
Question: Received an unexpected cashiers check for over $2K from another state - is this some scam? Answer: This is a variation of a very common scam. The principle of
Question: What to do with $50,000? Answer: Before anything else, pay down any debt at higher interest rates. Best guaranteed return on investment you can get. What do you plan
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: I think this question has more to do with the business model of cinema. If I remember correctly.
Question: What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States? Answer: To add to what other have stated, I recently just decided to purchase a home
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: For many folks these days, not having a credit card is just
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: In the UK, the government has recently announced that Child Benefit will no longer be paid to those
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: I learned this from a business book on managing people, but I think it applies equally well here. You can't
Question: How to calculate cash loss over time? Answer: If inflation is at 2% per annum, in a year you would need 102 to buy equivalent goods to what you
Question: What is the best way to get a "rough" home appraisal prior to starting the refinance process? Answer: If you're willing to pay a fee, you can probably just
Question: What's a good free checking account? Answer: The best bank with least amount of gotchas is Alliant Credit Union. I did a lot of research and finally decided on
Question: Foreign currency conversion for international visitors to ecommerce web site? Answer: For manual conversion you can use many sites, starting from google (type 30 USD in yuan) to sites
Question: Why do banks insist on allowing transactions without sufficient funds? Answer: Believe it or not, this is done as a service to you. The reason for this has to
Question: How should I value personal use television for donation? Answer: Is it a tube television, digital, analog, what? Tube televisions are no longer made in (or imported to) the
Question: How to evaluate stocks? e.g. Whether some stock is cheap or expensive? Answer: Its like anything else, you need to study and learn more about investing in general and
Question: Is compounding interest on investments a myth? Answer: This post may be old anyhow here's my 2 cents. Real world...no. Compounding is overstated. I have 3 mutual funds, basically
Question: Investment time horizon: When is it acceptable to withdraw money from investments? Answer: shouldn't withdraw stock investments for at least 5 years would be better re-phrased as: "don't invest
Question: I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account mistake? Answer: First, what's the reason? Why do you have that much in cash at all - are you
Question: How does a big lottery winner cash his huge check risk-free? Answer: You have a few options: Personally, I would cash the check at my broker and buy a
Question: Where can I trade FX spot options, other than saxobank.com? Answer: To other users save yourselves time, do not test any of the alternatives mentioned in this post. I
Question: How long to wait after getting a mortgage to increase my credit limit? Answer: Specific to the inquiries, from my Impact of Credit Inquiries article - 8 is at
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: @mbhunter and @JoeTaxpayer have given good advice. Were I in your situation, the
Question: Is investing exlusively in a small-cap index fund a wise investment? Answer: In a word, no. Diversification is the first rule of investing. Your plan has poor diversification because
Question: What is the best source of funding to pay off debt? Answer: Thirty thousand in credit card debt is a "big elephant to eat" so to speak. But you
Question: File bankruptcy, consolidate, or other options? Answer: If your parents' business isn't viable (regardless of what combination of the economy or their management of it caused it not to
Question: Do I just let an options conversion/reversal trade go to expiration? Answer: This depends on a combination of factors: What are you charged (call it margin interest) to hold
Question: Annualized Rate of Return on Stock Purchased in Tranches Answer: So, there is no truly "correct" way to calculate return. Professionals will often calculate many different rates of return
Question: Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit? Answer: Or here's a better idea: don't have a credit card at all. They offer no real benefits
Question: Leasing a car I intend to buy Answer: You are still paying a heavy price for the 'instant gratification' of driving (renting) a brand-new car that you will not
Question: What name is given to a value such as this? Answer: This is called "change" or "movement" - the change (in points or percentage) from the last closing value.
Question: Looking for good investment vehicle for seasonal work and savings Answer: In the short-term, a savings account with an online bank can net you ~1% interest, while many banks/credit
Question: Is it a good idea to get an unsecured loan to pay off a credit card that won't lower a high rate? Answer: I am answering this in light
Question: As a total beginner, how do I begin to understand finance & stocks? Answer: I think you've got basics, but you may have the order / emphasis a bit
Question: Should I be more aggressive in a Roth IRA, 401k, or taxable account? Answer: I think you may be drawing the wrong conclusion about why you put what type
Question: Am I required to have a lawyer create / oversee creation of my will? Answer: This is not intended as legal advice, and only covers general knowledge I have
Question: Figuring out an ideal balance to carry on credit cards [duplicate] Answer: One key point that other answers haven't covered is that many credit cards have a provision where
Question: How to map stock ticker symbols to ISIN (International Securities Identification Number)? Answer: There is no simple way to convert an ISIN into a stock ticker symbol. The only
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: Short sellers have to pay interest on the borrowings to the shareholders. Although many times brokers don't pass on these earnings
Question: When a company reports it earnings, when does the SEC EDGAR system show the report online? Answer: IT appears the company you're talking about did not report as you
Question: What is today's price of 15 000 Euro given 15 years ago? Answer: There's often a legal basis to answer this question. For instance, Austria (guessing from your profile)
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: You are getting totally hosed mate. Assume you
Question: Employer 401K thru Fidelity - Investment options Answer: The best predictor of mutual fund performance is low expense ratio, as reported by Morningstar despite the fact that it produces
Question: What is a "Junk Bond"? Answer: From wikipedia: In finance, a high-yield bond (non-investment-grade bond, speculative-grade bond, or junk bond) is a bond that is rated below investment grade
Question: Why would a company like Apple be buying back its own shares? Answer: A Breakdown of Stock Buy Backs has this bottom line on it: Are share buybacks good
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: First of all, a person that relies on their ability to tap a line of credit to cover an
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: You should invest in that with the best possible outcome. Right now that is in yourself. Your greatest wealth
Question: What is an "International Equity"? Answer: International equity are considered shares of companies, which are headquartered outside the United States, for instance Research in Motion (Canada), BMW (Germany), UBS
Question: Why doesn't Graham consider gold as an investment? Answer: During Graham's career, gold and currency were the same thing because of the gold standard. Graham did not advise investing
Question: What could be the cause of a extreme high/low price in after hours market? Answer: Many of the above comments are correct about illiquidity. If someone needs to trade
Question: What's the appropriate way to signify an S-Corp? Answer: S-Corp is a corporation. I.e.: you add a "Inc." or "Corp." to the name or something of that kind. "S"
Question: Reducing taxable income in US in December Answer: Depending on the size of the donation, you may be able to reduce taxes further by donating appreciated assets, such as
Question: How to increase my credit score Answer: Do you have the option of paying cash for the phone? To answer your question though: Essentially, you have to use credit
Question: Does the sale of personal items need to be declared as income on my income taxes? Answer: I doubt it. In the States you would only owe tax if
Question: How risky are penny stocks? Answer: The biggest problem with penny stocks is that they are easily manipulated, and they frequently are. Many of the companies trading as penny
Question: Who can I get to help me roll my 401(k) into an IRA when I live overseas? Answer: This is more of a general answer about your situation than
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: Day trading is an attempt to profit on high frequency signal changes. Long term investing profits on low frequency
Question: $700 guaranteed to not be touched for 15 years+, should I put it anywhere other than a savings account? Answer: (Since you used the dollar sign without any qualification,
Question: Is there a country that uses the term "dollar" for currency without also using "cents" as fractional monetary units? Answer: Wikipedia has a nice list of currencies that use
Question: Options vs Stocks which is more profitable Answer: More perspective on whether buying the stock ("going long") or options are better. My other answer gave tantalizing results for the
Question: Treasury Bonds, and why has the NYSE 20+ Year Treasury Bond index (AXTWEN) gone up so much in the last year (2011)? Answer: The price of a bond goes
Question: Pay online: credit card or debit card? Answer: Nowadays, some banks in some countries offer things like temporary virtual cards for online payments. They are issued either free of
Question: Are there any market data providers that provide a query language? Answer: You can give YQL a try. I'm not sure it can do the query you want, but
Question: What is the correct answer for percent change when the start amount is zero dollars $0? Answer: I'd personally display "n/a" The only other answer that makes sense to
Question: Why do I see multiple trades of very small quantities? Answer: It looks more like someone is trying to pocket the spread. The trades are going off at the
Question: How to calculate how far a shorted stock's price can rise before broker issues a margin call? Answer: Most brokers have a margin maintenance requirement of 30%. In your
Question: Under what circumstance will the IRS charge you a late-payment penalty for taxes? Answer: The IRS provides a little more information on the subject on this FAQ: Will I
Question: I'm thinking about selling some original artwork: when does the government start caring about sales tax and income tax and such? Answer: First - get a professional tax consultation
Question: Any tips for asset allocation across multiple retirement accounts? Answer: I have a similar plan and a similar number of accounts. I think seeking a target asset allocation mix
Question: What's the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time? Answer: There are tonnes, and tonnes of things out there, but you have to be
Question: Where can I find information on the percentage of volume is contributed by shorts? Answer: I believe that it's not possible for the public to know what shares are
Question: Which U.S. online discount broker is the best value for money? Answer: I've never used them myself, but Scottrade might be something for you to look at. They do
Question: Money transfer to the U.K Answer: I'd recommend an online FX broker like XE Trade at xe.com. There are no fees charged by XE other than the spread on
Question: How do I go about finding an honest & ethical financial advisor? Answer: If someone recommends a particular investment rather than a class of investments, assume they are getting
Question: Can we cash a check under business name? Answer: All banks in the US that I have ever worked with will allow you to deposit checks if: In your
Question: Buying an option in the money, at the money, or out of the money Answer: 1 reason is Leverage.... If you are buying out of the money options you
Question: Is it possible to borrow money to accrue interest, and then use that interest to pay back the borrower + fees? Answer: No. The WSJ prime rate is 4.25%,
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Shareholders can [often] vote for management to pay dividends Shareholders are sticking around if they
Question: Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income? Answer: In your case, I believe the answer is that you don't owe any taxes, if your
Question: How to secure one's effort when working on a contract? Answer: I don't think you need to bother with trust accounts. The point of a trust account is holding
Question: Why Are Credit Card Rates Increasing / Credit Limits Falling? Answer: Of course your situation is very hurtful at a personal level, and I sympathize. I just don't get
Question: How to build a U.S. credit history as a worker on a visa? Answer: Credit is important for many reasons. Establishing credit is an important step and should be
Question: Dormant company, never paid taxes, never traded in UK - should I have notified the HMRC? Answer: You don't have to register for corporation tax until you start doing
Question: Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest? Answer: The short answer is no, it's probably not ok. The
Question: How does a big lottery winner cash his huge check risk-free? Answer: You cant! There is the risk that between the time you get the check and the time
Question: What are the disadvantages to borrowing money for energy conservation measures / solar panels? Answer: If you sell the property before the ten years are up, the panels might
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: People who drive long distances tend to do more of their driving on larger, well-built roads
Question: What's the best way to account for a risky investment - As an asset or an expense? Answer: I'm no accountant, but I think the way I'd want to
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: There are some uniquely American issues in this question (and answer), but some general principles as well.
Question: Does the premium of an option of a certain strike price increase at a slower rate from OTM to ITM as gamma affects delta? Answer: If we assume constant
Question: If I buy a share from myself at a higher price, will that drive the price up so I can sell all my shares the higher price? Answer: This
Question: Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there? Answer: Some (most) credit cards have a way to
Question: What is a "margin-call" and how are they enforced? Answer: If you don't have a margin account, then you will not have margin calls. You need a margin account
Question: Typical return for an IRA? How can I assess if my returns were decent? Answer: Do you want to retire? If so, when? How long do you expect to
Question: Should I finance rental property or own outright? Answer: To answer some parts of the question which are answerable as-is: Yes, mortgage interest is deductible. So is depreciation. See
Question: How to compare the value of a Masters to the cost? Answer: I am a bit unsure of why the interest rate is relevant. Are you intending on borrowing
Question: Financing a vehicle a few months before I expect to apply for a mortgage? Answer: Usually, it's not a good idea as it will not only raise your debt
Question: Why does shorting a call option have potential for unlimited loss? Answer: You are likely making an assumption that the "Short call" part of the article you refer to
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: Another thing to consider is that paying extra principal (either via one of these services, or by including something extra with
Question: Should I replace bonds in a passive investment strategy Answer: Bonds still definitely have a place in many passive portfolios. While it is true that interest rates have been
Question: Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day? Answer: The shift to trading at the close began in 2008.
Question: Will I get taxed on withdrawals from Real Cash Economy games? Answer: Income from a hobby is tax exempt under Dutch law. To consider whether it's hobby, a few
Question: Is it possible to buy commodity ETFs (e.g. silver) through Questrade? Answer: Questrade is a Canada based broker offering US stock exchange transactions as well. It says this right
Question: Confused about employee stock options: How do I afford these? Answer: Stock options represent an option to buy a share at a given price. What you have been offered
Question: Restricting a check from being deposited via cell phone Answer: I don't see any reason to worry about a check being deposited via cell phone. There isn't anything you
Question: Should I change 401k investment options to prepare for rising interest rates? Answer: The bond funds should tell you their duration. My 401(k) has similar choices, and right now,
Question: What price can *I* buy IPO shares for? Answer: Some brokers have a number of shares they can offer their customers, but the small guy will get 100, not
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: You ask about the difference between credit and debit, but that may be because
Question: US sanctions against foreign citizens Answer: US Sanctions are usually very nuanced and you should look them up yourself. It may be widely reported that "US sanctions X-country" and
Question: Can LLC legally lend money to a friend? Answer: I can't say if there is anything specific that makes lending illegal, but if your company goes bankrupt, you might
Question: eBay Account and SIM cards sent to my address Answer: In your mother's position, I would do two things: Get a copy of her credit report. Money Advice Service
Question: Add $5000 to existing retirement account Answer: You cannot contribute directly to that 401k account if you no longer work at the sponsoring company - you have to be
Question: Do I need to pay quarterly 1040 ES and 941 (payroll)? Answer: Don't overthink it. As an employee, whether of your own corporation or of someone else, you get
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: The reason this sort of question gets asked over and over again is because it's initially difficult to comprehend how you can
Question: What variety of hedges are there against index funds of U.S. based stocks? Answer: The only way to hedge a position is to take on a countervailing position with
Question: How to invest 100k Answer: The best way to invest in college for your kid is to buy an investment property and rent it out. You might think I
Question: Investment Options for 14-year old? Answer: A Junior ISA might be one option if you are eligible do you have a CTF? (child trust fund) though the rules are
Question: How risky are penny stocks? Answer: Consider firstly that they're penny stocks for a reason - the company just isn't worth much. Yes, it could take off but this
Question: Jointly filing taxes in 2 different states Answer: Both states will want to tax you. Your tax home is where you maintain a domicile, are registered to vote, etc.
Question: Why would anyone buy a government bond? Answer: Why would a bank buy government bonds? Why couldn't they just deposit their money in another bank instead? Generally, banks are
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: I'll use similar logic to Dave Ramsey to answer this question because this is a popular question when we're talking about paying
Question: What governs the shape of price history graphs? Answer: Let me see if I can restate your question: are speculative investments more volatile (subject to greater spikes and drops
Question: If a company goes private, does it still count as a capital gain/loss? Answer: does it still count as a capital gain or loss? Yes. Is it essentially treated
Question: A check I received was lost. My options? Answer: Lost checks happen occasionally, and there are procedures in place (banking & business) to handle the situation. First and foremost
Question: How do you translate a per year salary into a part-time per hour job? Answer: It's difficult to quantify the intangible benefits, so I would recommend that you begin
Question: Paying extra on a mortgage. How much can I save? [duplicate] Answer: Can I pay $12,000 extra once a year or $1000 every month - which option is better?
Question: Is there any reason to choose my bank's index fund over Vanguard? Answer: That expense ratio on the bank fund is criminally high. Use the Vanguard one, they have
Question: Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance Answer: The solution to this problem is somewhat like grading on a curve. Use
Question: Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance Answer: Bren's comment is right on the mark. The typical solution is to divide
Question: Higher returns from international markets? Answer: Foreign stocks tend to be more volatile -- higher risk trades off against higher return potential, always. The better reason for having some
Question: Transfer from credit to debit Answer: I've called both BofA and Amex Customer Support, and they couldn't help. That's because you cannot. Debit card is tied to your checking
Question: What is a maximum amount that I can wire transfer out of US? Answer: Chase has a limit of $500,000 per day. A banker should be able to help
Question: How risky are penny stocks? Answer: Penny stocks are only appealing to the brokers who sell the penny stocks and the companies selling "penny stock signals!". Generally penny stocks
Question: Would it make sense to take a loan from a relative to pay off student loans? Answer: I have recently been the lender to a couple people. It was
Question: Rollover into bond fund to do dollar cost averaging [duplicate] Answer: Many would recommend lump sum investing because of the interest gains, and general upward historical trend of the
Question: What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking? Answer: There are very few banks which offer two-factor authentication. Part of the reason is
Question: Getting started in stock with one special field of activity Answer: It depends on what you're talking about. If this is for your retirement accounts, like IRAs, then ABSOLUTELY
Question: Will capital gains affect my tax bracket? Answer: I'm not sure where you are, but in the United States capital gains are taxed at a lower rate than other
Question: What does it mean when someone says "FTSE closed at xxx today" Answer: It's sort of the sum of stock prices, but bigger companies are weighed more heavily.
Question: Facebook buying WhatsApp for 19 Billion. How are existing shareholders affected? Answer: The answer to your question has to do with the an explanation of "shares authorized, issued and
Question: Tools for comparing costs between different healthcare providers? Answer: When I had a high-deductible healthcare plan, I used http://www.ehealthinsurance.com/ to do comparisons among the plans. As far as comparing
Question: Interest on security deposits paid to landlords, in Michigan? Answer: No. The full text of the Landlord-Tenant Act (specifically, section 554.614 of Act 348 of the year 1972) makes
Question: H&R Block says form 1120 not finalized? IRS won't take it yet? Answer: This form is due March 15. This year, the 15th is Saturday, so the deadline is
Question: Legal requirements to sell design content, artwork and also freelance in India? Answer: There is no requirement to open a company. You can work as freelancer. You need to
Question: Are personal finance / money management classes taught in high school, anywhere? Answer: In Houston, Texas USA where I went to a private high school they had a half-semester
Question: Benefits of Purchasing Company Stock at a Discount Answer: If your purchases are done at year end, but the money withheld over that 12 month period, the 17% return
Question: What are the opportunities/implications of having a designated clearing bank in my home country? Answer: For an individual there will not be much impact immediately. This arrangement will help
Question: Can I convert spread option into regular call or put? Answer: Just so I'm clear- the end result is a long call, and you think the stock is going
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: The simple answer is absolutely. With the parameters you quote, if you will pay off the loan in 82 months
Question: How to get 0% financing for a car, with no credit score? Answer: Is it possible to get a 0% interest rate for car loan for used car in
Question: How does historical data get adjusted for dividends, exactly? Answer: I had both closing price and adjusted price of Apple showing the same amount after "download data" csv file
Question: Which is the better strategy for buying stocks monthly? Answer: It would seem that you are in a position where you are able to save money and you hope
Question: Splitting Hackathon Prize Money to minimize tax debt Answer: I would just take $2000 and multiply by your marginal tax rate, weight that between the 5 other people according
Question: How did this day trader lose so much? Answer: Learn something new every day... I found this interesting and thought I'd throw my 2c in. Good description (I hope)
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I had a colleague turn down a raise once because he believed that female colleagues were already being
Question: Can I sell a stock immediately? Answer: You have no guarantees. The stock may last have traded at $100 (so, the market price is $100), but is currently in
Question: Who puts out buy/sell orders during earnings reports or other scheduled relevant information? Answer: The early bird catches the worm. The first person who makes use of the information
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: One of my university professors suggested doing this systematically to get access to shareholder meetings where there is typically
Question: Formula that predicts whether one is better off investing or paying down debt Answer: I ended up writing a simulation in R. Here is my code: It produces a
Question: Determining current value for real estate for inheritance purposes Answer: how is this new value determined? According to Publication 551: Inherited Property The basis of property inherited from a
Question: What's the difference between Market Cap and NAV? Answer: I think the key concept here is future value. The NAV is essentially a book-keeping exercise- you add up all
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: No, don't open a credit card. Get used to paying cash for
Question: Why are stop order called "stop" when it is in fact a "start" condition? Answer: Historically they were conceived as a way to cut losses when the market turned
Question: Dispute credit card transaction with merchant or credit card company? Answer: As a rule of thumb, go in the order of proximity to the transaction. This would typically mean:
Question: What are the important differences between mutual funds and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)? Answer: Behind the scenes, mutual funds and ETFs are very similar. Both can vary widely in
Question: Which online services offer logarithmic charts for equities such as index funds and ETFs? Answer: The charts on nasdaq.com are log based, if you look closely you can see
Question: Starting long-term savings account as a college student Answer: Great question and great of you to be paying attention to this. Right now having the ability to save $2K
Question: How To Assign Payments Received Properly In GnuCash? Answer: When I receive a check from a customer whom I previously sent an invoice, I go to the customer report
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: No. This amount of money is not appropriate for friends to go in on. Although you could consider buying a
Question: What are the financial advantages of living in Switzerland? Answer: Some of the advantages of Switzerland: Not everything is about money.
Question: Please explain the relationship between dividend amount, stock price, and option value? Answer: 4) Finally, do all companies reduce their stock price when they pay a dividend? Are they
Question: What market conditions favor small cap stocks over medium cap stocks? Answer: In general, small cap stocks are exposed to more downside during recessions and when credit is tight,
Question: Best Time to buy a stock in a day Answer: The best thing to do is not worry about what time is best to buy but put in a
Question: What happens to public shareholders when a public stock goes private? Answer: If a deal is struck, you're part of that deal because you own shares. If someone offers
Question: Tax implications of exercising ISOs and using proceeds to exercise more ISOs Answer: That is a weird one. Typically one never needs to layout cash to exercise an option.
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: I am very surprised no one mentioned the Stock
Question: When is it worth it to buy dividend-bearing stocks? Answer: You should never invest in a stock just for the dividend. Dividends are not guaranteed. I have seen some
Question: How much lump sum investment in stocks would be needed to yield a target stable monthly income? Answer: If your requirements are hard (must have $1000/month, must have the
Question: Multiple accounts stagnant after quitting job. Answer: Adapted from an answer to a somewhat different question. Generally, 401k plans have larger annual expenses and provide for poorer investment choices
Question: On what dates do the U.S. and Canada release their respective federal budgets? Answer: To the best of my knowledge, there's no firm date requirement. The fiscal year for
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: That "something" you are signing means you are liable
Question: Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option? Answer: A diversified portfolio (such as a 60% stocks / 40% bonds balanced fund) is much
Question: Why do stocks gap up after a buyout is announced? Answer: The "random walk" that you describe reflects the nature of the information flow about the value of a
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: My own personal point of view. I earn about twice what my wife to be earns. We are planning on
Question: What is a decent rate of return for investing in the markets? Answer: Seems like you should be aiming to beat the professionals, otherwise why not let them handle
Question: Investment strategy for a 20 year old with about 30k in bank account Answer: Thanks for your service. I would avoid personal investment opportunities at this point. Reason being
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: I transfer all their funds to my bank account Are they paying tax on that transfer? Gifts under
Question: Auto balancing portfolio through new purchases Answer: Finding the "optimal" solution (and even defining what optimal is) would probably take a lot of searching of all the possible combinations
Question: New car: buy with cash or 0% financing Answer: I'd finance the car (for 60 or 48 months), but stash enough money in a separate account so to guarantee
Question: How can I trade in U.S stock exchange living in India by choosing the broker in U.S? Answer: i have been trading with dollarbird Trading firm for past 1
Question: Looking for advice on rental property Answer: You say that one property is 65% of the value of the two properties and the other is 35%. But how much
Question: Stock Option Value correlated to net worth of company Answer: There could also be some degree of dilution at play here. If they are rapidly expanding and hiring, or
Question: Should I always pay my credit at the last day possible to maximize my savings interest? Answer: Mostly ditto to Dillip Sarwate. Let me just add: I don't know
Question: Little hazy on how the entire RSU's and etrade works Answer: Is the remaining amount tax free? As in, if the amount shown (which I can sell) on etrade
Question: Making an offer on a property - go in at market price? Answer: First piece of advice: fire your agent. A pushy agent is a bad agent. From what
Question: My mother's name is on my car title, how can I protect my ownership of the car in the event of her death? Answer: It's her car. Unlike what
Question: How does the value of an asset (valued in two different currencies) change when the exchange rate changes? Answer: The value of the asset doesn't change just because of
Question: Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? Answer: For some studies on why investors make the decisions they do, check out For a more readable, though
Question: Home (re)Finance and Providing Additional Information Answer: I have never had a lender ask my budget, only my income, savings, credit rating and value of the collateral. That's considered
Question: Is my employee stock purchase plan a risk free investment? Answer: There would be small generic risk that the company stock goes down real fast by more than 15%
Question: Investing in income stocks for dividends - worth it? Answer: As a general rule of thumb, age and resiliency of your profession (in terms of high and stable wages)
Question: Employer 401K thru Fidelity - Investment options Answer: The target date investment will automatically reduce equity exposure and increase bond exposure as it approaches retirement date. If you are
Question: Is it true that more than 99% of active traders cannot beat the index? Answer: That is such a vague statement, I highly recommend disregarding it entirely, as it
Question: Using stop-loss as risk management: Is it safe? Answer: A stop-loss does not guarantee a sale at the given price; it just automatically triggers an unlimited sale as soon
Question: In the USA, why is the Free File software only available for people earning less than $62k? Answer: Regardless of the source of the software (though certainly good to
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: If I were you, I would rent. Wait to buy a home. Here is why: When you say
Question: Hedging against Exchange Rate Risk Answer: You can calculate your exposure intuitively, by calculating your 'fx sensitivity'. Take your total USD assets, let's assume $50k. Convert to EUR at
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: Given the state of the economy, and the potential of a rough near future for us recent grads
Question: What's the smartest way to invest money gifted to a child? Answer: American Century has their Heritage Fund: https://www.americancentury.com/sd/mobile/fund_facts_jstl?fund=30 It has a good track record. Here are all the
Question: Long term investment for money Answer: What explains the most of the future returns of a portfolio is the allocation between asset classes. In the long term, stock investments
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: To me, this question is really about setting and meeting goals. The
Question: What is the difference between fund and portfolio? Answer: A "Fund" is generally speaking a collection of similar financial products, which are bundled into a single investment, so that
Question: At what point should I begin paying off student loans? Answer: All great answers. The only thing I didn't see mentioned was that student loans are not dischargable in
Question: Mortgage vs. Cash for U.S. home buy now Answer: I wondered about this problem too, so I looked into the maths and made this app :- http://demonstrations.wolfram.com/BuyOrRentInvestmentReturnCalculator/ (It uses
Question: Dollar Cost Averaging (Or value averaging) vs Lot sizes, what am I missing? Answer: Don't take it so literally. 100 is close to 98, so if your formula calls
Question: Accepting personal "donations" (not as a non-profit) Answer: I would be inclined to back the 'tip jar' weblink idea, this is very prolific within the Twitch community, as a
Question: Do I have to pay the internet installation charges for my home's company internet? Answer: Of course you don't have to pay them - you just might not like
Question: How can a Canadian establish US credit score Answer: set up a US company (WY is cheap and easy), go south and open a personal and business bank account,
Question: In what circumstances will a bank waive the annual credit card fee? Answer: See if the bank has other credit cards they offer. Many banks have multiple ones: some
Question: How do I get into investing in stocks? Answer: Read "The intelligent Investor" book before you do anything. I started when I really didn't understand anything about stocks. I
Question: What to do if a state and federal refund is denied direct deposit? Answer: Publication 17 Your Income Tax top of page 14 If the direct deposit cannot be
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: It's important to remember what a share is. It's a tiny portion of ownership of
Question: Buying USA Stocks from Sri Lanka Answer: I'm not aware of any method to own US stocks, but you can trade them as contract for difference, or CFDs as
Question: I am Brasilian resident, how to buy shares on NYSE? Answer: I am not sure what a Brazilian equivalent is but you could just do an ADR. Keep in
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: No one has considered the tax write off at the end of the year? Will the
Question: Should I Have Received a 1099-G? Answer: If you don't itemize your deductions, your state tax refund is not considered income to you. Even if you didn't receive the
Question: How to select a bank based on availability in two areas? Answer: Asking a bank for which ATM/branch network it belongs to and where those networks are would be
Question: Is expense to freelancers tax deductible? Answer: If it's a legitimate cost of doing business, it's as deductible as any other cost of doing business. (Reminder: be careful about
Question: My account's been labeled as "day trader" and I got a big margin call. What should I do? What trades can I place in the blocked period? Answer: The
Question: Why are American Express cards are not as popular as Visa or MasterCard? Answer: American Express was originally a mail business that moved into money-orders. Traditionally their cards have
Question: Online tools for monitoring my portfolio gains/losses in real time? Answer: I use Google Finance too. The only thing I have problem with is dividend info which it wouldn't
Question: Buying an investment property in Australia - what are the advantages and disadvantages of building a house vs buying an existing one? Answer: When buying investment properties there are
Question: What is 'consolidating' debt and why do people do it? Answer: This can mean a few things to me. Some of which has been mentioned already. It can mean
Question: What's the difference, if any, between stock appreciation and compound interest? Answer: If you mean, If I invest, say, $1000 in a stock that is growing at 5% per
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: Car rental agencies typically accept only credit cards for the rental (you can pay
Question: As a contractor, TurboTax Business-and-Home or Basic? Answer: Assuming you file state tax returns, you shouldn't buy Basic. Ever. Your choice is probably between the "Premier" version and the
Question: Why do 10 year Treasury bond yields affect mortgage interest rates? Answer: The simple answer is that, even though mortgages can go for 10, 15, 20 and 30 year
Question: Why are daily rebalanced inverse/leveraged ETFs bad for long term investing? Answer: If you want to make a profit from long term trading (whatever "long term" means for you),
Question: Borrowing money and then investing it  smart or nart? Answer: The biggest concern is how you get $250,000 in unsecured credit. It's unlikely that you will be loaned
Question: How to reconcile a credit card that has an ongoing billing dispute? Answer: You could make an entry for the disputed charge as if you were going to lose
Question: Top 3 things to do before year end for your Stock Portfolio? Answer: Bonus: Contribute to (or start!) your IRA for 2010. This doesn't have to be done have
Question: How can it be possible that only ~10% of options expire worthless, and only ~10% are exercised? Answer: Consider the futures market. Traders buy and sell gold futures, but
Question: How do day-traders or frequent traders handle their taxes? Answer: Starting of 2011, your broker has to keep track of all the transactions and the cost basis, and it
Question: At what point do index funds become unreliable? Answer: Private investors as mutual funds are a minority of the market. Institutional investors make up a substantial portion of the
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: Firstly, it isn't so generous. It is a win-win, but the bank doesn't have
Question: What is a reasonable rate of return and fee structure for a Roth IRA? Answer: A Roth IRA is just an account wrapper. Inside a Roth IRA you can
Question: Are there any hedged international funds in India? Answer: There aren't and for a good reason. The long term trend of INR against USD, GBP, EUR and other harder
Question: What do these options trading terms mean? Answer: With stocks, you can buy or sell. If you sell first, that's called 'shorting.' As in "I think linkedin is too
Question: Wash sale rule impact on different scenarios between different types of accounts Answer: The wash sale rule only applies when the sale in question is at a loss. So
Question: Capital Gains Tax - Does this apply only to the actual "gains" or to the entire amount of my sale? Answer: Assuming you bought the stocks with after-tax money,
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: I'm confused why you think you need a $450k house. That seems extremely high in today's market
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: One major concern with moving out on your own is can you afford
Question: Ways to save for child's college education where one need not commit to set contributions? [duplicate] Answer: Since this post was migrated from Parenting, my reply was in the
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: When I was in that boat a few years ago, I went for the car first. My thoughts:
Question: As an investing novice, what to do with my money? Answer: 3-5 years is long enough of a timeframe that I'd certainly invest it, assuming you have enough (which
Question: Can the beta of a stock be used as a lagging indicator for the stock w.r.t the market Answer: The beta of a stock can be interpreted as the
Question: Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Answer: Some other answers mention the ability to sell at grant. This is very important. If you have that ability, think about your
Question: Are prepayment penalties for mortgages normal? Answer: It used to be much more common, particularly for sub-prime loans. If you do run into someone offering a loan with a
Question: Buy US ETF as foreigner  a bad idea? Answer: Here're some findings upon researches: Two main things to watch out for: Estate tax and the 30% tax withholding.
Question: How can I find a list of self-select stocks & shares ISA providers? Answer: I can't provide a list, but when I took out my Stocks and Shares, I
Question: How should I allocate short-term assets in a rising-interest rate environment? Answer: How should I allocate short-term assets in a rising-interest rate environment? Assuming that the last part is
Question: Should I take a student loan to pursue my undergraduate studies in France? Answer: Stripping away the minutia, your question boils down to this: Should I take a loan
Question: How to calculate lump sum required to generate desired monthly income? Answer: The product you seek is called a fixed immediate annuity. You also want to be clear it's
Question: Shares in stock exchange and dividend payout relationship Answer: It would be 0.22 * Rs 5 per share, i.e. Rs 1.1 per share. For 1000 share it would be
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: I used to be in research department for big financial data company. Tell your son that there
Question: What is the difference between a scrip dividend and a stock split? Answer: Firstly a stock split is easy, for example each unit of stock is converted into 10
Question: I file 83(b) election, but did't include a copy of it in that years tax return Answer: It matters because that is the requirement for the 83(b) selection to
Question: How to pick a state to form an LLC in? Answer: Generally, you pick the State which you're located at, because you'll have to register your LLC there in
Question: E*Trade commission Answer: The commission is per trade, there is likely a different commission based on the type of security you're trading, stock, options, bonds, over the internet, on
Question: Withdraw USD from PayPal without conversion to my home currency of EUR? Answer: I just tried doing that on my PP which is in the Netherlands, I have added
Question: Buy or sell futures contracts Answer: Futures contracts are a member of a larger class of financial assets called derivatives. Derivatives are called such because their payoffs depend on
Question: When a company liquidates, are earlier investors paid back first? Answer: Assuming no debt, as you've specified in the comments to your question, the assets should generally be distributed
Question: Where can one find intraday prices for mutual funds? Answer: Like others have said, mutual funds don't have an intraday NAV, but their ETF equivalents do. Use something like
Question: Standard Deviation with Asset Prices? Answer: Almost every online datasources provide historical prices on given company / index's performance; from this, you can easily calculate "standard deviation" by yourself.
Question: What would be the signs of a bubble in silver? Answer: In my opinion, you're in a precious metals "bubble" when rising prices are driven by the people's desire
Question: Getting a mortgage while self-employed Answer: Would it be worth legitimizing his business or is it too late at this point? To be blunt, you're asking if we recommend
Question: Need a loan to buy property in India. What are my options? Answer: Getting the line of credit would likely be a bit easier than the loan but realistically
Question: Where to Park Proceeds from House Sale for 2-5 Years? Answer: As soon as you specify FDIC you immediately eliminate what most people would call investing. The word you
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: First, you are not a loser nor an idiot! You have avoided many debt mistakes and have a
Question: What to do with old company's 401k? [duplicate] Answer: Your best bets are a Roth IRA or traditional IRA. If you roll it to a Roth, you will have
Question: Pay via Debit Card or Bank's portal Answer: There are reward points that you have already mentioned. Some banks also give reward points for netbanking transfer, although very few
Question: Legal documents required for managing an investment portfolio among friends? Answer: Sounds like you are starting an investment club. What you need is an investment club partnership agreement. Have
Question: How can you possibly lose on investments in stocks? Answer: For whatever it's worth. Judging from the comments in the other answers, I think everyone is addressing your question,
Question: Investing in stocks with gross income (not yet taxed) cash from contract work? Answer: You need to report the income from any work as income, regardless of if you
Question: Why don't companies underestimate their earnings to make quarterly reports look better? Answer: You need to distinguish a company's guidance from analysts' estimates. A company will give a revenue/earnings
Question: Why is everyone saying how desperately we need to save money "in this economy"? Answer: I would add to the other excellent answers that another factor besides just high
Question: What should I consider when I try to invest my money today for a larger immediate income stream that will secure my retirement? Answer: TL:DR: You should read something
Question: Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage? Answer: The expression "in debt" when talking about a person's financial affairs means that the sum of debit balances
Question: Cosigning - cosigner won't pay and won't give any information or transfer asset Answer: Is your name on the title at all? You may have (slightly) more leverage in
Question: I would like to publicly share the details of my investment portfolio. What websites add value in this regard? Answer: This is going to be a bit of a
Question: Why is it not a requirement for companies to pay dividends? Answer: The shareholders have a claim on the profits, but they may prefer that claim to be exercised
Question: Relation between inflation rates and interest rates Answer: Possibly but not necessarily, though that can happen if one looks at the US interest rates in the late 1970s which
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: There is some magic involved in that calculation, because what health insurance is worth to you is not
Question: What are the benefits of opening an IRA in an unstable/uncertain economy? Answer: You bring up a valid concern. IRAs are good retirement instruments as long as the rules
Question: In which country can I set up a small company so that I pay a lower rate of corporate tax? Answer: There are countries out there that are known
Question: When to start investing in an index fund? Wait for a bear market, use dollar cost-averaging, or another approach? Answer: First: what's your risk tolerance? How long is your
Question: When (if) I should consider cashing in (selling) shares to realize capital gains? Answer: The only general rule is "If you would buy the stock at its current price,
Question: Withdraw USD from PayPal without conversion to my home currency of EUR? Answer: Look for EU banks that have US branches. Open an account there and look for the
Question: If I deposit money as cash does it count as direct deposit? Answer: As RonJohn points out, direct deposit is something very different. What's going on here is that
Question: American living abroad and not working for an American company - tax reporting and bank accounts Answer: The IRS taxes worldwide income of its citizens and green card holders.
Question: How to account for Capital Gains (Losses) in double-entry accounting? Answer: First, the balance sheet is where assets, liabilities, & equity live. Balance Sheet Identity: Assets = Liabilities (+
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: I once was reviewing one of those contracts with plenty of bad clauses in it, sitting across from the salesman
Question: Tax exemption on personal loan interest component in India Answer: Am I eligible for the tax exemption if yes then under which section. Generally Personal loans are not eligible
Question: Is Peter Lynch talking about the Dividend Adjusted PEG Ratio in this quote? Answer: Essentially, yes, Peter Lynch is talking about the PEG Ratio. The Price/Earnings to Growth (PEG)
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: there are several reasons you might want good credit even if you could afford to pay for all your
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: The issue here is that the transaction (your funds to her account) looks
Question: How can I get a home loan within 2 years of bankruptcy? Answer: Your only option might be finding a seller-financed property with a motivated seller who is willing
Question: What does a contract's worth mean? Answer: The amount stated is the total amount of money the customer will be paying to the company. How much profit that will
Question: How much time should be spent on Penny Stocks Trading a day? Answer: How long is a piece of string? This will depend on many variables. How many trades
Question: Vanguard Mutual Funds  Diversification vs Share Class Answer: There's really no right or wrong answer here because you'll be fine either way. If you've investing amounts in the
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: There are two basic ways you can separate your investments from the dollar (or any other currency).
Question: Why did the Swiss National Bank fix the EUR/CHF exchange rate at CHF 1.20? Answer: It's not. If you look at the page you link to and change dates,
Question: Does Technical Analysis work or is it just a pointless attempt to "time the market"? Answer: Technical Analysis in general is something to be cognizant of, I don't use
Question: How to calculate stock price (value) based on given values for equity and debt? Answer: Adding assets (equity) and liabilities (debt) never gives you anything useful. The value of
Question: Are PINs always needed for paying with card? Answer: For the first part of your question; Refer to related question Why do some online stores not ask for the
Question: Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit? Answer: Why can't you have both? If you do have
Question: What are the gains from more liquidity in ETF for small investors? Answer: One of the often cited advantages of ETFs is that they have a higher liquidity and
Question: How exactly do dividend reinvestment plans (DRIPs) work? Answer: I think Wikipedia offers a very good explanation: A dividend reinvestment program or dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) is an equity
Question: Does a growing economy mean the economy is becoming less efficient? Answer: It's a kook movie made by folks who combine conspiracy quackery with repackaged socialism. If you're into
Question: What forms of payment am I compelled to accept? Answer: I think cash, travelers checks (little iffy about this one: they're legal tender cash equivalents), and money orders are
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: You are conflating two different types of risk here. First, you
Question: US: Basics of taxation of stocks Answer: E.g. I buy 1 stock unit for $100.00 and sell it later for $150.00 => income taxes arise. Correct. You pay tax
Question: Do mutual fund companies deliberately "censor" their portfolios/funds? Answer: Do mutual funds edit/censor underperforming investments to make their returns look better, and if so, is there any way one
Question: Investment strategies for young adults with entrepreneurial leanings? Answer: Diversity of risk is always a good idea. The cheapest equity-based investment (in terms of management costs) is some form
Question: Is it common for a new car of about $16k to be worth only $4-6k after three years? Answer: It isn't common to lose that much value in 3
Question: How do I cash in physical stock certificates? (GM 1989) Answer: I'm afraid you're not going to get any good news here. The US government infused billions of dollars
Question: Are stocks always able to be bought and sold at market price? Answer: Many of the Bitcoin exchanges mimic stock exchanges, though they're much more rudimentary offering only simple
Question: How should my brother and I structure our real estate purchase? Answer: While I agree with the existing bulk of comments and answers that you can't tell the lender
Question: When writing a covered call, what's the difference between a "net debit" and a "net credit"? Answer: I am not familiar with this broker, but I believe this is
Question: What are the typical repayment plans for Credit Cards in the United States? Answer: In the U.S., when you receive your credit card bill each month there's a "minimum
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: The rent will be determined by: the rent being charged on similar houses near you. Your mortgage
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: Well, all of the previous answers already mentioned the upcoming scam and danger
Question: How do I account for 100 percent vendor discounts in GnuCash 2.6.5 Answer: The answer was provided to me at the Gnucash chat by "warlord". The procedure is as
Question: What is a "margin-call" and how are they enforced? Answer: Simplest way to answer this is that on margin, one is using borrowed assets and thus there are strings
Question: What happens to personal data I disclose for joining an employee stock plan? Answer: You aren't getting a straight answer because nobody knows why those regulations are the way
Question: (Legitimate & respectable) strategies to generate "passive income" on the Internet? Answer: One idea that I read among some of the many, many personal finance blogs out there is
Question: Does girlfriend have too much savings, time to invest? Answer: There are ETF funds that only purchase preferred stock from banks. I have one that pays a monthly dividend
Question: Market Cap lower than Shares Outstanding x Share Price? Answer: The definition of market cap is exactly shares oustanding * share price, so something is wrong here. It seems
Question: The best credit card for people who pay their balance off every month Answer: I'm not going to recommend a specific card. New card offers pop up all the
Question: Who gets how many shares when an IPO is oversubscribed? Answer: A broker will only get so many shares for any IPO. They will give their highest profit customers
Question: Are there any statistics that support the need for Title Insurance? Answer: There seems to be no such information available. What is available is that number of claims are
Question: Preferred vs Common Shares in Private Corporation Answer: To follow up on Quid's comment, the share classes themselves will define what level of dividends are expected. Note that the
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: Like @chirs, I'm of the opinion that you might want to buy more.
Question: How important is disability insurance, e.g. long-term, LTD? Employer offers none Answer: (My wife works for an insurance broker in the US, so take that grain of salt with
Question: How much should I be contributing to my 401k given my employer's contribution? Answer: You can only contribute up to 5% of your salary? Odd. Usually 401(k) contributions are
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: One thing no one else has touched on is the issue of time frame. If I'm looking to hold my shares
Question: Is an open-sourced World Stock Index a pipe-dream? Answer: An index is just a mathematical calculation based on stock prices. Anyone can create such a calculation and (given a
Question: What do brokerage firms do? Answer: Off the top of my head, a broker: While there are stock exchanges that offer direct market access (DMA), they (nearly) always want
Question: Typical discount for cash purchase on $1+ million homes? Answer: First, I assume you understand that 'Cash Offer' doesn't mean you really show up with cash (in a duffel
Question: Can you explain "time value of money" and "compound interest" and provide examples of each? Answer: The fundamental concept of the time value of money is that money now
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: I feel something needs to be addressed The last 100 years have been a period of
Question: Wardrobe: To Update or Not? How-to without breaking the bank Answer: If you budget for cloths and save up the money, you may be able to take advantage of
Question: Basic questions about investing in stocks Answer: What is a stock? A share of stock represents ownership of a portion of a corporation. In olden times, you would get
Question: What is the meaning of "writing put options"? Answer: Write means sell to open. It is called that because options writers are creating (i.e. writing) new contracts. No such
Question: Financing Education through Credit Card or Student Loans Answer: I would use student loans and avoid credit card debt if debt is your only option. Here are the advantages
Question: How should I be contributing to my 401(k), traditional or Roth? Answer: The Finance Buff discusses why the Roth 401k is often disadvantaged compared to a Traditional 401k in
Question: What does "profits to the shareholders jumped to 15 cents a share" mean? Answer: It means that the company earned 15 cents per share in the most recently reported
Question: What does inflation actually mean? [duplicate] Answer: Inflation is good for the economy primarily because it is an incentive to invest. If inflation is occurring, then keeping your holdings
Question: Should you co-sign a personal loan for a friend/family member? Why/why not? Answer: Never co-sign a loan for someone, especially family Taking out a loan for yourself is bad
Question: How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? Answer: Let's start with income $80K. $6,667/mo. The 28/36 rule suggests you can pay up to $1867 for the mortgage
Question: Selling RSUs that vested at different values Answer: No, you're not missing anything. RSUs are pretty simple when it comes to taxes. They are taxed as compensation at fair
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: Car dealers as well as boat dealers, RV dealers, maybe farm vehicle dealers and other asset
Question: give free budgeting advice Answer: The counsel of a friend doesn't come with a legal or professional liability. The key to doing this sort of thing successfully is to
Question: Ways to get individual securities from ETF's Answer: Save the effort. For personal finance purpose, just use the simple tools. For example, if you like P&G very much but
Question: Facebook buying WhatsApp for 19 Billion. How are existing shareholders affected? Answer: It's a dilution of the ownership; the public used to own x% of Facebook and now they
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: If the savings rate is the same as
Question: How can I set up a recurring payment to an individual (avoiding fees)? Answer: I think about as close as you're going to get is to use a personal
Question: Administrator vs Broker vs Custodian for a Solo 401(k)? Answer: Their paperwork should help you along. Schwab is the broker and custodian, you are the administrator. There's virtually no
Question: Should I scale down my 401k? Answer: the whole room basically jumped on me I really have an issue with this. Someone providing advice should offer data, and guidance.
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Or do I misunderstood what had
Question: Can a Line of Credit be re-financed? Is it like a mortgage, with a term? Answer: You can often convert the outstanding balance of a HELOC into a fixed-rate
Question: How do I protect myself from a scam if I want to help a relative? Answer: What can I do to help him out, but at the same time
Question: Where to park money while saving for a car Answer: As you're saving up for an expenditure instead of investing for the long run, I would stay away from
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: You could buy debt/notes or other instruments that pay out periodically. Some examples are If there is an income stream
Question: Where can I get interesting resources on Commodities? Answer: I would recommend that go through some forums where commodities topics be discussed so that if you have some issues
Question: What do I need to be aware of if I choose to resell property early (in Alberta)? Answer: You will have no problem doing this for one home and
Question: Shorting versus selling to hedge risk Answer: The word 'hedge' emerges from early agriculture when farmers would ask the market for a minimum buy price for each crop they
Question: What is the "substantial difference" that might occur in the google shares? [duplicate] Answer: Presumably you're talking about the different share class introduced in the recent stock split, which
Question: Are there any consequences for investing in Vanguard's Admiral Shares funds instead of ETF's in a Roth IRA? Answer: The mutual fund will price at day's end, while the
Question: Car as business expense, but not because of driving Answer: To be deductible, a business expense must be both ordinary and necessary. An ordinary expense is one that is
Question: Trading on exchanges or via brokerage companies? Answer: Yes when I place an order with my broker they send it out to the exchange. - For individual investors, what
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: We measure the value of gold by comparing it to other things. Sorry, but there is no better answer than
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: If interest rates are negative, a 0% load might still be profitable.
Question: Are there any e-commerce taxation rules in India? Answer: There are no clear guidelines. If you are selling as individual, then what ever profit you make gets added to
Question: When to use geometric vs. arithmetic mean? Why is the former better for percentages? Answer: JoeTaxpayer nailed it. Here's another way to look at it: Generally, we invest in
Question: Best way to day trade with under $25,000 Answer: The T+3 "rule" relates only to accounting and not to trading. It does not prevent you from day trading. It
Question: What price can *I* buy IPO shares for? Answer: If you participate in an IPO, you specify how many shares you're willing to buy and the maximum price you're
Question: Can I change my loan term from 60 to 36 months? Answer: Some places banks/Credit Unions will allow you to refinance a auto loan. My credit Union only does
Question: Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market? Answer: There's a huge difference between "can an anverage person make a profit on the stock
Question: How Emini/Minifuture price is set against its underlaying instrument? Answer: The market sets prices and the way JP Morgan or any other bank or organization determines the price it's
Question: Where can I borrow money for investing? Answer: Have you considered social lending (for example: Lending Club)?
Question: Buying and selling the same stock Answer: Sorry, no, any time you sell for a profit you owe tax.
Question: How to evaluate stocks? e.g. Whether some stock is cheap or expensive? Answer: duffbeer's answers are reasonable for the specific question asked, but it seems to me the questioner
Question: Pros/cons of borrowing money using a mortgage loan and investing it in a low-fee index fund? Answer: Risk. That's it. No guarantees on the fund performance, while the mortgage
Question: Should I exclude bonds from our retirement investment portfolio if our time horizon is still long enough? Answer: Having cash and bonds in your portfolio isn't just about balancing
Question: Does Joel Greenblatt's "Magic Formula Investing" really beat the market? Answer: GENIX was started by Joel Greenblatt back in 2013, so it is a real life test of the
Question: Can the Delta be used to calculate the option premium given a certain target? Answer: One thing I would like to clear up here is that Black Scholes is
Question: What are some good software packages for Technical Analysis? Answer: About 10 years ago, I used to use MetaStock Trader which was a very sound tool, with a large
Question: Prices go up and salary doesn't: where goes delta? Answer: Purchasing commodities (whose prices are increasing rapidly), improving corporate profitability, buying imports (the US dollar is weaker than it
Question: Borrowing money and then investing it  smart or nart? Answer: It's incredibly foolish because it fails to use the investments as collateral to secure the loan. So instead
Question: Frequency of investments to maximise returns (and minimise fees) Answer: Okay, I think I managed to find the precise answer to this problem! It involves solving a non-linear exponential
Question: Can I be building a house with the bank forever? Answer: No, you can't do this indefinitely. For one, you can't just take money out as home equity with
Question: Questions about government bonds that have already matured Answer: I am assuming that you are talking about US Savings Bonds: Here is a page that talks about maturity dates
Question: Can my federal adjusted gross income differ by $1 between my federal and state returns? Answer: No, you don't. Rounding errors happen, and if there's no change in the
Question: How can I generate $250/month every month from $4000 that I have? Answer: If you are looking to begin living off the money now, then Dheer's answer is correct
Question: Price graphs: why not percent change? Answer: Actually, total return is the most important which isn't necessarily just price change as this doesn't account for dividends that may be
Question: Question about large capital gain Answer: How much Federal Capital Gains, NYS Income tax and local tax should I expect to pay? You're going to net about 2.4 millions
Question: Can zero-coupon bonds go down in price? Answer: Certainly, yes, a zero coupon bond can go down in price. If interest rates rise before your bond matures, the price
Question: What to do with a distribution as a young person? Answer: I have money to invest. Where should I put it? Anyone who answers with "Give it to me,
Question: What implications does having the highest household debt to disposable income ratio have on Australia? Answer: I'd like to see a credible source for "the highest", but it's certainly
Question: Need something more basic than a financial advisor or planner Answer: If you are living near a land-grant university, you might be able to find help from the university's
Question: Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income? Answer: To be safe you should donate the printer to the charity. Or even better, have the charity purchase
Question: Pending euro payment to a usd account Answer: Currency exchange is rather the norm than the exception in international wire transfers, so the fact that the amount needs to
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: I'm not sure how much living expenses are there but half of $12,600 in the
Question: How does giving to charity work? Answer: Charitable donations can be deducted from your income, and in that way make your taxable income lower, hence lower taxes. That's the
Question: Best return on investment for new home purchase Answer: I encourage you to think of this home purchase decision as a chance to buy into a community that you
Question: Where can I find the nominal price of a stock prior a split into multiple companies? Answer: When Hewlett Packard split they changed their name to HP Inc. and
Question: If a bank has a transfer limit, what happens if another bank pushes/pulls more than that? Answer: Or at least I saw it do so with Bank of America.
Question: Why is the price of my investment only updated once per day? Answer: I strongly suggest you go to www.investor.gov as it has excellent information regarding these types of
Question: Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance? Answer: If you're sure you want to go the high risk route: You could consider hot stocks
Question: Is there a dollar amount that, when adding Massachusetts Sales Tax, precisely equals $200? Answer: No. $188.23 has $11.76 tax = $199.99 $188.24 has $11.77 tax - $200.01 So,
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: And yet, the same law that these individuals and companies use to lower their taxes applies
Question: Totally new to finance, economy, where should I start? Answer: A couple of good books I enjoyed and found very understandable (regarding the stock market): As for investment information
Question: Is it worth it to buy TurboTax Premier over Deluxe if I sold investments in a taxable account? Answer: Here are the lists for the tax forms that Deluxe
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: I realize I'm drudging up a somewhat old post here (apologies), but I've found myself in a similar situation recently and
Question: How can an Indian citizen get exposure to global markets? Answer: There are some ETF's on the Indian market that invest in broad indexes in other countries Here's an
Question: Negative Balance from Automatic Options Exercise. What to do? Answer: Automatic exercisions can be extremely risky, and the closer to the money the options are, the riskier their exercisions
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: Credit card merchant fees are $0.15 - $0.40 per transaction plus 1.5-4% of the amount
Question: Small withdrawals from IRA Answer: You have several questions in your post so I'll deal with them individually: Is taking small sums from your IRA really that detrimental? I
Question: Is the Swiss stock market inversely correlated with the Swiss Franc like Japan today? Answer: Roughly about 1 of 2 Swiss francs is won abroad. So, yes it is
Question: How Often Should I Chase a Credit Card Signup Bonus? Answer: See the accepted answer for this question. What effect will credit card churning for frequent flyer miles have
Question: Why are capital gains taxed at a lower rate than normal income? Answer: Every economy wants growth and for growth to come you need investments. So, you must provide
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: Very smart. Let other people pay you interest. Don't pay other people interest. And, yes, I know it's
Question: Does implied volatility always rise as earnings announcements approach? Answer: Changes in implied volatility are caused by many things, of course, and it is tough to isolate the effect
Question: Why do people buy US dollars on the black market? Answer: A falling exchange rate is an indication of falling confidence in a currency. Countries like Iran or Venezuela,
Question: Is this formula accurate for weighing the difference between an S-Corp and LLC? Answer: FICA/SE taxes are not 30%. They are at most ~15%, including the employer portion. Employer
Question: Why diversify stocks/investments? Answer: Diversification is used by many to hopefully reduce the risk when bad investments are made. Diversification does not help you make more profits but instead
Question: In what order should I save? Answer: This is a bit of an open-ended answer as certain assumptions must be covered. Hope it helps though. My concern is that
Question: Will an ETF increase in price if an underlying stock increases in price Answer: The creation mechanism for ETF's ensures that the value of the underlying stocks do not
Question: Why do VAT-registered businesses in the EU charge VAT to each other? Answer: Not doing this would defeat the entire purpose of a VAT. The reason for a VAT
Question: Borrowing money to buy shares for cashflow? Answer: It's generally a bad idea to use low-risk credit (low-risk in sense you're practically guaranteed to be forced to pay it
Question: Do mutual fund companies deliberately "censor" their portfolios/funds? Answer: If I invest in individual stocks I will, from time to time, sell stocks that aren't performing well. If the
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: You buy stocks for dividends over the long term. If a
Question: How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading? Answer: Another way to look at this is that pure insider trading is an activity with the aim to use secret
Question: what if a former employer contributes to my 401k in the year following my exit? Answer: Publication 590a covers this in a fairly specific manner. Page 11, section "Are
Question: How come we can find stocks with a Price-to-Book ratio less than 1? Answer: A lower Price/Book Value means company is undervalued. It could also mean something horribly wrong.
Question: Did an additional $32 billion necessarily get invested into Amazon.com stock on October 26th, 2017? Answer: The market capitalization of a stock is the number of shares outstanding (of
Question: Debit card for minor (< 8 y.o.) Answer: I'm not certain if you can get a debit card with it, but if you have a PNC in your area,
Question: VAT and German freelance working on international project Answer: The VAT number should be equivalent from the point of view of your client. The fact that you are a
Question: Why do non-electronic stock exchanges (with floor traders) still exist? Answer: For the second part, no most NYSE trades are done electronically.
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: It is very important to note the strength and reputation of the country's regulatory agency. You cannot
Question: Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon? Answer: I think the best answer that doesn't make the buyer look like a moron is this.
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: Have you considered doing some small freelance programming jobs? One site I like for this
Question: Working on a tax free island to make money? Answer: According to Wikipedia, import duties on goods range from 5-22% on everything but cars (30-100%) and a handful of
Question: Net loss not distributed by mutual funds to their shareholders? Answer: I'll try to answer using your original example. First, let me restate your assumptions, slightly modified: The mutual
Question: "Business day" and "due date" for bills Answer: It's likely that your bill always shows the 24th as the due date. Their system is programmed to maintain that consistency
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: Keep in mind your household income is in the top 20%, which does not translate to wealth. Given a healthy income, and
Question: Why buy bonds in a no-arbitrage market? Answer: Bonds can increase in price, if the demand is high and offer solid yield if the demand is low. For instance,
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: As an owner of a share of a business you also "own" profits made by the business. But you delegate
Question: Is keeping track of your money and having a budget the same thing? Answer: A budget is a plan for spending money in the future. Tracking spending is only
Question: How can we determine how much income our savings could generate if we purchase an annuity? Answer: Note that it isn't always clear that "turning it all into an
Question: Is UK house price spiral connected to debt based monetary system? Answer: No. Rural Scotland has exactly the same monetary system, and not the same bubble. Monaco (the other
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: There are numerous reasons that go beyond the immediate requirement for access to credit. Many people just plain don't like carrying cash.
Question: What would be the appropriate account for written off loans to friends and family? Answer: A simple way to account debt forgiveness of your receivables is to utilize a
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: If you're looking for an analogy or exercise, I saw a personal finance show that
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: If it's not the classic scam described in Daniel Anderson's answer, then it's
Question: Building financial independence Answer: While I can appreciate you're coming from a strongly held philosophy, I disagree strongly with it. I do not have any 401k or IRA I
Question: What economic, political and other factors influence mortgage rates (and how)? Answer: If you owned a bank how would you invest the bank's money? Typically banks are involved in
Question: What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly? Answer: The main reason for paying your mortgage off quickly is to reduce risk should a crisis happen. If
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: My answer is with respect to the United States. I have no idea about India's regulatory environment. You
Question: Saving up for an expensive car Answer: This seems really simple to me.
Question: Is there a formula to use to analyse whether an investment property is a good investment? Answer: There is no generic formula as such, but you can work it
Question: Is there a difference between managerial accounting and financial accounting? Answer: From Wikipedia: Managerial accounting is used primarily by those within a company or organization. Reports can be generated
Question: Legitimate unclaimed property that doesn't appear in any state directory? Answer: @ Chris: Companies like Keane, ours, and others know where to look for these funds and where to
Question: Where can I open a Bank Account in Canadian dollars in the US? Answer: If you can make the trip to BC yourself, I'd recommend opening an account with
Question: Are there common stock price trends related to employee option plans? Answer: The stock market is generally a long term investment platform. The share prices reflect more the companies
Question: How to record a written put option in double-entry accounting? Answer: Because you've sold something you've received cash (or at least an entry on your brokerage statement to say
Question: What is the rate of return for a security when there is no risk-free rate (CAPM)? Answer: For starters, the risk-free rate has nothing to do with stocks. It
Question: Does my net paycheck decrease as the year goes on due to tax brackets filling up? Answer: In general no, if you just have one employer and work there
Question: Formula for recalculation of a bad loan, i.e. where payments were missed? Answer: It sounds like there are no provisions in the loan document for how to proceed in
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: Isn't it true that on the ex-dividend date, the price of the stock goes down roughly the
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: A Company start with say $100. Lets say the max it can borrow from bank is $100 @ $10 a
Question: First Time Home Buyers - Down Payment, PMI and Points Answer: 1 - For FHA loans PMI is required for mortages where there is not at least 20% equity.
Question: Is it a good idea to get an unsecured loan to pay off a credit card that won't lower a high rate? Answer: Go where your money is treated
Question: Are quarterly earnings released first via a press release on the investor website, via conference call, or does it vary by company? Answer: Companies release their earnings reports over
Question: US citizen sometimes residing in spain, wanting to offer consulting services in Europe, TAXES? Answer: With something this complicated you are going to want to consult professionals. Either a
Question: What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why? Answer: Take the easy approach - as suggested by John Bogle (founder of Vanguard - and a
Question: Canadian personal finance software with ability to export historical credit card transactions? Answer: If you're willing to use OFX or QIF files, most Canadian banks can spit output more
Question: Why is a stock trade flat on large volume? Answer: Large volume just means a lot of market participants believe they know where the stock price will be (after
Question: How do you find out who the investors are in a U.S. stock? e.g. how ownership may be concentrated? Answer: I don't think that you will be able to
Question: What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why? Answer: This turned out be a lot longer than I expected. So, here's the overview. Despite the
Question: Using business check to pay at retail Answer: You can just buy the items personally and then submit an expense report to the company to get reimbursed. Keep all
Question: Do investors go long option contracts when they cannot cover the exercise of the options? Answer: I think it depends on your broker. Some brokers will not try to
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: Also note that a share of voting stock is a vote at the stockholder's meeting, whether it's dividend or non-dividend.
Question: Tax planning for Indian TDS on international payments Answer: I am an Israeli based citizen who represents and Indian company who sells its products in Israel. As an agent
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: Let's say I have two loans (say 2 car loans), and
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: Shady isn't quite the right word. They know that most of their customers are going to quit soon after they
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: I'd have a look at Capital One's Online account too, they've got 1.35% interest rate with 10% bonus if
Question: What retirement plans/options should i pick for a relatively unstable career path? Answer: Your retirement plan shouldn't necessarily be dictated by your perceived employment risks. If you're feeling insecure
Question: Does the profit of a company directly affect its stock or indirectly by causing people to buy or sell? Answer: people implicity agree to sell stocks when a company
Question: Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance? Answer: Theoretically there is limited demand for risky investments, so higher-risk asset classes should outperform lower-risk asset
Question: Do "Instant Approved" credit card inquires appear on credit report? Answer: Yes, they do. Generally though you'll only see it on one or two reports. With regards to the
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: Dave Ramsey would tell you to pay the smallest debt off first, regardless of interest rate, to build momentum for
Question: Why have U.S. bank interest rates been so low for the past few years? Answer: There's two competing forces at work, and they are at work worldwide. Banks can
Question: Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do? Answer: The expense fees are high, and unfortunate. I would stop short of calling it criminal, however. What you
Question: Why are US target retirement funds weighted so heavily towards US stocks? Answer: Excellent question, though any why question can be challenging to answer because it depends on the
Question: what is the best way of investment which gives returns forever? Answer: What is the best way that I can invest money so that I can always get returns?
Question: Does "income" include capital gains? Answer: The $100,000 is taxed separately as "ordinary income". The $350,000 is taxed at long-term capital gains of 15%. Capital gains is not taxed
Question: Canadian in California - filing taxes as a non-resident Answer: What do you mean by "Canadian income"? Was it income paid to you as wages for the job you
Question: How is not paying off mortgage better in normal circumstances? Answer: Lets do the math, using your numbers. We start off with $100K, a desire to buy a house
Question: What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking? Answer: E*Trade offers banking services, and will provide you with a security token free if
Question: If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money? Answer: If you are actually referring to all the political rhetoric and posturing over the
Question: Why call option price increases with higher volatility Answer: When volatility is higher, the option is more likely to end up in-the-money. Moreover, when it ends up in-the-money, it
Question: Layman's guide to getting started with Forex (foreign exchange trading)? Answer: Unless you have a lot of money to get rid of you should spend at least a year
Question: Long-term capital gain taxes on ETFs? Answer: Generally, ETFs and mutual funds don't pay taxes (although there are some cases where they do, and some countries where it is
Question: When are stock trade fees deducted? Answer: As others have said, it depends on the brokerage firm. My broker is Scottrade. With Scottrade the commission is assessed and applied
Question: 183 day rule in conjunction with expatriate Answer: There's no "183 days" rule. As a US citizen you must pay taxes on all your income, where you live is
Question: What special considerations need to be made for a US citizen who wishes to purchase a house in Canada? Answer: About deducting mortgage interest: No, you can not deduct
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: TLDR: Why can't banks give me my money? We don't have your money. Who has my
Question: What do people mean when they talk about the central bank providing "cheap money"? What are the implications for the stock market? Answer: There are a couple of different
Question: If earning as freelancer, is it better to be a Sole Trader or Limited Company? Answer: Source Sole trader If you start working for yourself, youre classed as a
Question: How to start investing for an immigrant? Answer: For starting with zero knowledge you certainly did a great job on research as you hit on most of the important
Question: How to calculate my real earnings from hourly temp-to-hire moving to salaried employee? Answer: This arrangement is a scam to get around certain tax and benefits laws, both State
Question: Understanding company income statements: What is a good profit margin that would make it worthwhile to invest? Answer: The short answer is that it depends on the industry. In
Question: What are NSCC illiquid charges? Answer: NSCC illiquid charges are charges that apply to the trading of low-priced over-the counter (OTC) securities with low volumes. Open net buy quantity
Question: How do you calculate the rate of return (ROR) when buying and selling put options? Answer: What Jaydles said. I think of each strategy in terms of Capital at
Question: What is the basis of an asset that is never depreciated? Answer: That's tricky, actually. First, as the section 1015 that you've referred to in your other question says
Question: Didn't apply for credit card but got an application denied letter? Answer: Do you have any ties to your old address? In particular are you the LANDLORD? This could
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: Real Estate
Question: W-4 and withholding taxes for self-employed spouse Answer: When you enter your expected gross income into the worksheet - just enter $360000 and leave everything else as is. That
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: There are two ways that an asset can generate value. One is that the asset
Question: How does investment into a private company work? Answer: However what actually appears to happen is that the 100k is invested into the company to fund some growth plan.
Question: best free web app or tools to track one's cash flow Answer: The answer to this question can be found in the related question Is there any online personal
Question: What does this statement regarding put options mean? Answer: fennec has a very good answer but i feel it provides too much information. So i'll just try to explain
Question: Form 1042-S for foreign resident and owner of trade account Answer: As you have indicated, the 1042-S reflects no income or withholding. As such, you are not required to
Question: Does this plan make any sense for early 20s investments? Answer: I think it's great idea. Many large brokerages give customers access to a pretty sizable list of zero
Question: How to evaluate stocks? e.g. Whether some stock is cheap or expensive? Answer: If you are looking for numerical metrics I think the following are popular: Price/Earnings (P/E) -
Question: Why don't boards of directors try to produce results in line with estimates? Answer: First off, some companies do something like this. Microsoft for example was well-known for consistently
Question: Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why? Answer: If you make paying off those loans a priority, you will find
Question: Are services provided to Google employees taxed as income or in any way? Answer: Most of this is already regulated. "Food" specifically is exempt from taxes if it's done
Question: Assessed value of my house Answer: I had the same thing happen to my house. I bought it in 2011 for 137,000, which was the same as the FHA
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: I'll read between the lines: you're (justifiably) feeling smart about how you manage your money: debt-free, smart about your spending, saving for
Question: JCI headache part 2: How to calculate cost basis / tax consequences of JCI -> ADNT spinoff? Answer: I am using the same logic as the two answers above.
Question: Options "Collar" strategy vs regular Profit/Loss stops Answer: consider capital requirements and risk timeframes. With options, the capital requirements are far smaller than owning the underlying securities with stops.
Question: I am the sole owner of an LLC. Does it make a difference if I file as an S-Corp or a sole-member LLC? Answer: In the United States, with
Question: I'm 20 and starting to build up for my mortgage downpayment, where should I put my money for optimal growth? Answer: The big question is whether you will be
Question: Flex spending accounts and hsa when changing jobs Answer: Some of this may depend on how your employer chose to deal with your notice period. Most employers employ you
Question: What is the tax rate for selling stocks? Answer: Assuming that taxes were withheld when you received the options, you would now only owe tax on the profit from
Question: How to calculate cost basis for stock bought before a company spinoff? (USA) Answer: Your brokerage account statement should report the Questar cost basis adjusted for the spinoff (and
Question: Live in Florida & work remote for a New York company. Do I owe NY state income tax? Answer: This question came up again (Living in Florida working remotely
Question: Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out? Answer: The simple answer is that whatever strategy is implemented with e-series, could be implemented at a lower cost
Question: How does the U.S. wash sale replacement stock rule work? Answer: Edited: Pub 550 says 30 days before or after so the example is ok - but still a
Question: Is there a tax deduction for renting office space in service of employer? Answer: According to this post on TurboTax forums, you could deduct it as an "Unreimbursed Employee"
Question: Do my kids need to file a tax return? Answer: If the gift was stock that they have owned for years there can be one hitch: The basis of
Question: How should I begin investing real money as a student? Answer: Without knowing what you are trying to achieve - make a bit of pocket money, become financially independent,
Question: Why are estimated taxes due "early" for the 2nd and 3rd quarters only? Answer: There are too many nuances to the question asked to explore fully but here are
Question: Does the rise in ACA premiums affect employer-provided health insurance premiums? Answer: It's likely impossible to determine why premiums are increasing in a meaningful way; not only is the
Question: I am a Canadian resident who wants to gift my Adult US child CAD$175K. What are the tax implications? Answer: The United States taxes gifts to the giver, not
Question: (United Kingdom) Multiple Stock ISAs? Answer: It is a very good idea to spread your ISAs over more than one stock broker. However now that a lot of stock
Question: What is the theory behind Rick Van Ness's risk calculation in the video about diversification? Answer: He's calculating portfolio variance. The general formula for the variance of a portfolio
Question: How long should I keep my bills? Answer: In normal cases you don't need it beyond 3-6 months. Beyond this destroy it. However in certain cases its required to
Question: Does Joel Greenblatt's "Magic Formula Investing" really beat the market? Answer: Probably not. Once the formula is out there, and if it actually seems to work, more and more
Question: Are bond ETF capital gains taxed similar to stock or stock funds if held for more than 1 year? Answer: Appreciation of a Capital Asset is a Capital Gain.
Question: Will I be able to purchase land? Answer: Here are some important things to think about. Alan and Denise Fields discuss them in more detail in Your New House.
Question: IRA contributions in a bear (bad) market: Should I build up cash savings instead? Answer: You have heard the old adage "Buy low, sell high", right? That sounds so
Question: Are buyouts always for higher than the market value of a stock? Answer: Can a company not bargain with a dying company for example and buy a falling stock
Question: Is This Money Laundering? Answer: or is this a form of money laundering? May not be, generally the amounts involved in money laundering are much higher. So if there
Question: I'm currently unemployed and have been offered a contract position. Do I need to incorporate myself? How do I do it? Answer: In short - if you can't get
Question: Building financial independence Answer: For a young person with good income, 50k sitting in a savings account earning nothing is really bad. You're losing money because of inflation, and
Question: Do Online Currency Exchanges' registration with the government guarantee safety and reliability? Answer: Government registering of financial institutions usually is to make the government safe (eg FINTRAC is watching
Question: Car finance, APR rates and per week in adverts; help understanding them Answer: Taking the last case first, this works out exactly. (Note the Bank of England interest rate
Question: Expiring 401(k) Stock Option and Liquidation Implications Answer: It might go down a bit, or it might not. That is nearly impossible to predict, as the relative volumes are
Question: Beyond RRSP deductions, how does a high income earner save on taxes? Answer: That's not especially high income, and while I can't speak for Canadians, most of us south
Question: How much cash on hand should one have? Answer: Less than 2 1/2% of all US currency actually exists. The rest is digital entries. In a financial crisis you'll
Question: What should I do with the change in my change-jar? Answer: I don't like paying the percentage on the supermarket coin counters, and don't feel like buying a coin
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: A better question would be to ask "Why don't movie theaters charge to use the bathroom?", or "Why
Question: Is it acceptable to receive payment from U.S. in Indian saving bank account via PayPal? Answer: It is fine to receive payments into Indian Savings Bank account. There are
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: As @ApplePie pointed out in their answer, at any given time there is a finite amount of stock available in a company. One subtlety
Question: Is a company allowed to give employees an option for a bonus to be paid out as a 401k match or cash? Answer: This has to do with the
Question: Solo-401k interaction with employer sponsored 401k. Limits of contribution from Schedule C income Answer: Alright, team! I found answers to part 1) and part 2) that I've quote below,
Question: Are Australian mutual fund fees large compared to US? Answer: This is a Vanguard-specific difference in the sense that in the US, Vanguard is a leader in lowering management
Question: Can PayPal transfer money automatically from my bank account if I link it in PayPal? Answer: See this help article from Paypal about payment methods for purchases. When you
Question: Sale of jointly owned stock Answer: They may be confused. The combination of "my wife received stock when younger" and "her father just died" leaves questions. A completed gift,
Question: How can a person with really bad credit history rent decent housing? Answer: Explain the situation to a landlord and offer to prepay a few months of rent in
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: 3 reasons I can think of: I once worked for a bank and when credit scoring for
Question: Is there a legal deadline for when your bank/brokerage has to send your tax forms to you? Answer: I got notice from Charles Schwab that the forms weren't being
Question: Germany Tax Question - Non-Resident and not employed in Germany Answer: No you won't. Germany taxes income, not bank accounts. Note that this changes immediately when your bank account
Question: What is the cheapest way to move money from the United States to Canada? [duplicate] Answer: If you aren't familiar with Norbert's Gambit, it's worth looking at. This is
Question: Are you allowed to have both a 401(k) and a SIMPLE IRA? If so, what about limits? Answer: I am not 100% sure, but I think the answer is
Question: Accepting personal "donations" (not as a non-profit) Answer: Lots of webcomic sites now have "tip jar" links, or let supporters send money via services like Patrion. I presume other
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: Possibly not relevant to the original asker, but in the UK another advantage of
Question: What impact does trading in a car have on your credit score? Answer: Paying off your loan in full will most likely not help your credit score, and could
Question: Is 6% too high to trade stocks on margin? Answer: Okay so we are assuming that you can sustain 6% or more return on your investments. Personally I would
Question: If a startup can always issue new shares, what value is there to stocks/options? Answer: Companies normally do not give you X% of shares, but in effect give you
Question: How safe is a checking account? Answer: US checking accounts are not really secure, though many people use them. One form of check fraud has been highlighted by Prof.
Question: How much is inflation? Answer: To add to MrChrister's answer: Canada also has a Consumer Price Index (CPI) used to measure inflation that is distinct and separate from that
Question: What happens if my order exceeds the bid or ask sizes? Answer: This is a great question precisely because the answer is so complicated. It means you're starting to
Question: How much should a graduate student attempt to save? Answer: While I haven't experienced being "grad student poor" myself (I went to grad school at night and worked full-time),
Question: Is there a way to monitor when executives or leaders in a company sell off large holdings? Answer: Exec Insiders have to file with the SEC and some sites
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: The key part of your question is the "so far". So you didn't need a credit card today, or yesterday, or last
Question: Shares - Query about RSI (Relative Strength Index) Answer: Well that will depend on the time frame you are looking at it. You can't compare the RSI on a
Question: Growth of unrealized gains in tax-managed index funds Answer: Right now, the unrealized appreciation of Vanguard Tax-Managed Small-Cap Fund Admiral Shares is 28.4% of NAV. As long as the
Question: Does this plan make any sense for early 20s investments? Answer: I would wait, and invest that money in a Roth IRA. Because taxes are paid on the contributions
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: You've already received good advice here, pay off the highest rate card first, in this case the Best Buy card.
Question: Biggest stock price gain vs. biggest mkt cap gain Answer: When you look at those results you'll see that it lists the actual market cap for the stocks. The
Question: Borrow money to invest in a business venture with equity? Answer: It's clearly a risk, but is it any different than investing in your own business? Yes, it is
Question: Is it possible to sell a stock at a higher value than the market price? Answer: Yes You could write a covered call and the stock gets called away
Question: GnuCash: Reimbursable expenses paid by credit card Answer: GNUCash won't show 'Credit Card' type accounts in "Process Payment", as of v.2.6.1. A workaround is to create another account of
Question: How to calculate money needed for bills, by day Answer: Trying to figure out how much money you have available each day sounds like you're making this more complicated
Question: Are 'per trade' fees charged on every order or just once per stock? Answer: You will be hit every time, once every buy order and once every sell order.
Question: How to pick a state to form an LLC in? Answer: There are very few circumstances where forming an out of state entity is beneficial, but a website is
Question: What do I need to start trading in the NSE (National Stock Exchange)? Answer: To start trading at a minimum you need 3 things; Bank Account: This again is
Question: Is it possible for me to keep my credit card APR at 0% permanently? Answer: No. There is no incentive for the card issuer to permanently loan you money
Question: Super-generic mutual fund type Answer: Since this is your emergency fund, you generally want to avoid volatility while keeping pace with inflation. You really shouldn't be looking for aggressive
Question: stock option grant being cancelled because strike price greater than FMV and replaced with a new grant at a higher strike price Answer: Both you and the Company were
Question: Why can't the Fed lower interest rates below zero? Answer: If the Federal Reserve were to pay banks to hold money, they would need to get the money from
Question: Short Selling Specific to India Answer: In India the Short is what is called in other markets call as "Naked Short" [I think I got the right term]. It
Question: What factors should I consider when evaluating index funds? Answer: The idea of an index is that it is representative of the market (or a specific market segment) as
Question: What dictates the costs of creating an options contract? (Commissions breakdown) Answer: I'm not positive my answer is complete, but from information on my broker's website, the following fees
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Remember that long term appreciation has tax advantages over short-term dividends. If you buy shares
Question: Why are credit cards preferred in the US? Answer: There are two things I can think of that might be different in other countries: Until 2013, American Express, Visa
Question: Stocks and Bankruptcy Answer: When they entered Bankruptcy they changed their stock symbol from AAMR to AAMRQ. The Q tells investors that the company i in Bankruptcy. This i
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: You may use an app called Flipp (or one that serves your area) to check fliers while in
Question: Does bull/bear market actually make a difference? Answer: If you know what you are doing, bear markets offer fantastic trading opportunities. I'm a futures and futures options trader, and
Question: where to get stock price forecast Answer: First, stock prices forecasts are usually pretty subjective so in the following resources you will find differing opinions. The important thing is
Question: Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out? Answer: I am a firm believer in TD's e-series funds. No other bank in Canada has index funds with
Question: When paying estimated quarterly taxes, can I prorate the amount based on the irregular payment due dates? Answer: You may want, or at least be thinking of, the annualized
Question: How to get a credit card as a minor? Answer: In general, minors cannot enter into legally binding contracts -- which is what credit accounts are -- so an
Question: Should I collect receipts after paying with a card? Answer: It surely doesn't HURT to keep a receipt. I tend to pile up receipts in my desk drawer, never
Question: How to make money from a downward European market? Answer: Not a day goes by that someone isn't forecasting a collapse or meteoric rise. Have you read Ravi Batra's
Question: How to find SEC filings that are important to stock market Answer: 10-Q is the quarterly report, and accordingly is filed quarterly. Similarly, 10-K is the annual report. 8-K
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: Another factor is, how far is your prospective rental property from where you live? vs. how comprehensive is
Question: From Facebook's perspective, was the fall in price after IPO actually an indication that it went well? Answer: You are right that Facebook really doesn't get impacted as they
Question: Why is there inconsistent returns difference between direct and regular Mutual Funds? Answer: If this is the case, then shouldn't the difference between their annualized returns be same year
Question: What fiscal scrutiny can be expected from IRS in early retirement? Answer: IRS Pub 554 states (click to read full IRS doc): "Do not file a federal income tax
Question: Dividend vs Growth Stocks for young investors Answer: A lot of people use dividend stocks as a regular income, which is why dividend stocks are often associated with retirement.
Question: How to safely earn interest on business profits (UK) Answer: I found some UK personal accounts offer up to 3% interest (no names here, but it is well known
Question: what would you do with $100K saving? Answer: 4) Beef up my emergency fund, make sure my 401(k) or IRA was fully funded, put the rest into investments. See
Question: How do public-company buyouts work? Answer: As a TL;DR version of JAGAnalyst's excellent answer: the buying company doesn't need every last share; all they need is to get 51%
Question: Alternatives to Intuit's PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment? Answer: (Six years later...) I've used CheckFree for over 20 years, and my uncle started using it
Question: What home improvements are tax deductible? Answer: As noted above but with sources An improvement materially adds to the value of your home, considerably prolongs its useful life, or
Question: Non US-resident, need to file 83b election TODAY with the IRS - I have an SSN but it says "valid for work only with DHS auth" - is this
Question: Work on the side for my wife's company Answer: Depending on how much freelance work we're talking about you could set up a limited company, with you and your
Question: Foolish to place orders before the market opens? Answer: More on a technical note, but the spread on an ETF tends to be worst at market open and near
Question: How May Cash be Spent Approaching Bankruptcy? Answer: Bankruptcy law is complex. You need a lawyer who can advise you both on the statute and relevant case law for
Question: How do credit card banks detect fraudulent transactions without requiring a travel advisory? Answer: One bank is more willing to risk losses and customer hassle in exchange for lower
Question: $10,000 to invest in the house - Pay down principal or spruce up to increase appraisal? Answer: There is no guarantee improvements will raise the appraised value. You also
Question: Why can't the Fed lower interest rates below zero? Answer: Why can't the Fed simply bid more than the bond's maturity value to lower interest rates below zero? The
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: One explanation is that movie patrons are considering their total willingness to pay for the movie experience so
Question: Should we prepay our private student loans, given our particular profile? Answer: Don't frett to much about your retirement savings just put something towards it each year. You could
Question: Bitcoin Cost Basis Purchases Answer: As long as the IRS treats bitcoin as property, then whenever you use bitcoin to buy anything you are supposed to consider the capital
Question: Does high inflation help or hurt companies with huge cash reserves? Answer: This is a reasonable question about inflation. I would just like to note that inflation is nearly
Question: Next steps for (not me): a recently-divorced single mom, in California, with a 2yr-old Answer: She should call 211. This is exactly how they help. The 2-1-1 service is
Question: What are the risks of Dividend-yielding stocks? Answer: Having a good dividend yield doesn't guarantee that a stock is safe. In the future, the company may run into financial
Question: Possible replacement for Quicken Answer: Given your needs, GNUcash will do swimmingly. I've used it for the past 3 years and while it's a gradual learning process, it's been
Question: Personal Loan issuer online service Answer: http://www.calcamo.net/loancalculator/simulation/fixed-rate-loan.php5 This website is a calculator only and has some extra features that take into account late payments, paying extra to reduce principal,
Question: What could be the best tax saving option before a month of financial year end Answer: I was thinking to do mix of ELSS and Tax Saving FDs. But
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: My broker offers the following types of sell orders: I have a strategy to sell-half of my position
Question: How to motivate young people to save money Answer: I recommend pulling up a retirement calculator and having an honest conversation about how long term savings works, and the
Question: Why have U.S. bank interest rates been so low for the past few years? Answer: These rates are so low because the cost of money is so low. Specifically,
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Or do I misunderstood what had
Question: Does high frequency trading (HFT) punish long-term investment? Answer: No, at least not noticeably so. The majority of what HFT does is to take advantage of the fact that
Question: How can I deposit a check made out to my business into my personal account? Answer: I have checked with Bank of America, and they say the ONLY way
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: The biggest disadvantage to you is that your tenant now knows your bank information, which means he can easily identify your
Question: How do you save money on clothes and shoes for your family? Answer: I speak as a person without kids, but I'll give this a shot anyway, using my
Question: Borrowing money for a semi-urgent medical expense Answer: I am a bit confused here as to how a 4K loan will negatively effect your credit score if payments are
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: If you are making that much, don't waste your time here. Pay a few hundred bucks
Question: Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets? Answer: I am strongly skeptical of this. In fact, after reading your question, I did the following: I
Question: Best way to invest money as a 22 year old? Answer: First off, monozok is right, at the end of the day, you should not accept what anyone says
Question: Digital envelope system: a modern take Answer: The whole point of the "envelope system" as I understand it is that it makes it easy to see that you are
Question: Should I remodel or buy a bigger house? Answer: I am quite sure you can set up an office in your basement for a lot less than $15,000. Don't
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: There is no simple, legally reasonable, way for her to build equity
Question: Merchant dispute with airline over missed flight, and which credit cards offer protection? Answer: What you are looking for is travel insurance. I have never heard of this being
Question: What kinds of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) should specifically be avoided? Answer: One of the key things to look for is trading volume. I think the price spread will be
Question: Why do moving average acts as support and resistance? Answer: A moving average will act as support or resistance to a stock only when the stock is trending. The
Question: Why does Yahoo Finance list the 10y T note (TNX) at 1/10 of CBOE and Google Finance? Answer: The CBOE states, in an investor's guide to Interest Rate Options:
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: From what I've read, paying down your mortgage -- above and beyond what you'd normally pay -- is indeed
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: The sales manager and/or finance manager applied a rebate that did not apply. It's their fault. They
Question: Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes? Answer: First of all congrats... very nice work indeed.. Secondly, i do not offer this as legal advise.. lol.. anyhow..
Question: Pensions, why bother? Answer: Your gut feeling is absolutely spot on - you shouldn't be worrying about pension now, not at the age of 25. Assuming that you're not
Question: Is it possible to eliminate PMI (Personal/Private Mortgage Insurance) on a mortgage before reaching 20% down on principal? Answer: Banks are currently a lot less open to 'creative financing'
Question: Pros and cons of using a personal assistant service to manage your personal finances? Answer: When you want to hire personal assistants, you must be sure that you are
Question: Hourly rate negotiation tips for paid internship Answer: They likely have an intern (job title) pay-scale that maxes out somewhere below $30/hr in order to meet the FLSA (that
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: People buy stocks with the intention of making money. They either expect the price to continue to rise or that
Question: How do I get into investing in stocks? Answer: The best way I know of is to join an investment club. They club will act like a mutual fund,
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: I just switched (from the abandoned, but good MS Money) to Moneydance 2010
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: I think Joe is right, it seems that
Question: Is there a standard check format in the USA? Answer: Nope, anything is that has the required information is fine. At a minimum you need to have the routing
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: Neither you nor others have mentioned the costs of being a homeowner. First, there are monetary costs.
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: I used to work for Ally Auto (formerly known as GMAC) and I'd
Question: Bond prices: Why is a high yield sometimes too good to be true? Answer: Those are the expected yields; they are not guaranteed. This was actually the bread and
Question: Is it advisable to go for an auto loan if I can make the full payment for a new car? Answer: What percentage of your savings is the full
Question: How are people able to spend more than what they make, without going into debt? Answer: If you make $10 in salary, $5 in interest on savings, and $10
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: So, let's take a mortgage loan that allows prepayment without penalty. Say I have a 30
Question: Why don't some places require a credit card receipt signature, and some do? Answer: My understanding it that the signature requirement is at the retailer's discretion. If the merchant
Question: Calculate price to earning and price to sale value for given dataset Answer: Too calculate these values, information contained in the company's financial statements (income, balance, or cashflow) will
Question: Will I be liable for taxes if I work for my co. in India for 3 months while I am with my husband in UK Answer: For information about
Question: If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money? Answer: FDIC is backed by the "full faith and credit of the USA." Well, if
Question: What is the best way to save money from inflation and currency devaluation? Answer: Generally speaking, so-called "hard assets" (namely gold or foreign currency), durable goods, or property that
Question: 5/1 ARM: Lifetime cap, First Adjustment Cap, Margin, and Annual Cap? Answer: You quote a rate (2.75%) and then quote a margin (1.75%). The margin is usually an addition
Question: How are proceeds from writing covered calls taxed? Answer: Successful covered calls are short term capital gains. The amount of time you have owned the underlying security is irrelevant.
Question: How to sell a stock in a crashing market? Answer: It is typically possible to sell during a crash, because there are enough people that understand the mechanics behind
Question: Does this sound like a great idea regarding being a landlord and starting a real estate empire? Answer: A lot of people do this. For example, in my area
Question: Gap in domestic Health Insurance coverage, expect higher premiums? Answer: The insurance company is must assume you do have a preexisting condition you are unaware of. The reason for
Question: How long to wait after getting a mortgage to increase my credit limit? Answer: 8 hard inquiries spread over two years is not a negative factor, with a score
Question: Is it possible for credit card companies to check credit score in India? Answer: Is it possible for the card issuing banks to check my score without my permission?
Question: How would IRS treat reimbursement in a later year of moving expenses? Answer: I believe moving reimbursement has to be counted as income no matter when you get it.
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: Depending on how marketable your degree is, in the long run you may be better aquiring some student debt rather than
Question: Is it possible to buy UK Consols (perpetuities)? Answer: Selftrade does list them. Not sure if you'll be able to sign up from the US though, particularly given the
Question: Merits of buying apartment houses and renting them Answer: Insurance - get estimate from an insurance agent who works with policies for commercial real estate. See comments below regarding
Question: What is the correct answer for percent change when the start amount is zero dollars $0? Answer: As has been said before, going from nothing to something is an
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: Most answers have concentrated on this being a scam, however, it
Question: Married, 55, grown kids: Should I buy life insurance, or invest in stocks? The ultimate decision Answer: Life insurance is not an investment -- by definition, since the companies
Question: How do I calculate the dwelling coverage I need from the information I have? Answer: You can't compare the different quotes unless they have the same numbers to work
Question: What market conditions favor small cap stocks over medium cap stocks? Answer: Small cap companies are just smaller, so the risk for them to fail is higher but the
Question: Can one use Google Finance to backtest (i.e. simulate trades in the past)? Answer: I've used yahoo to perform the exercise you're asking about. It allows you to download
Question: Can a CEO short his own company? Answer: Yes. It's called executive hedging, and it's a lot more common than most people know. As long as it's properly disclosed
Question: Why not pay in full upfront for a car? Answer: Two adages come to mind. Never finance a depreciating asset. If you can't pay cash for a car, you
Question: How do top investors pull out 20% ROI? Answer: It's called leverage. Here's an example from real estate. The underlying appreciation on a house in certain parts of America
Question: How do I calculate ownership percentage for shared home ownership? Answer: It may clarify your thinking if you look at this as two transactions: I am an Australian so
Question: Expecting to move in five years; how to lock mortgage rates? Answer: If interest rates have gone up, don't sell when you move. Refinance to lock in a low
Question: Why do credit cards have minimum limits? Answer: It discourages people from obtaining a high-limit card simply to show off, because the bank's forcing them to use it or
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: Personally, I buy newer luxury cars for two reasons. 1) Status symbol Newer cars have the latest looks,
Question: What did John Templeton mean when he said that the four most dangerous words in investing are: this time its different'? Answer: There's an elephant in the room that
Question: What's the general principle behind choosing saving vs. paying off debt? Answer: Think of yourself as a business with two accounts, "cash" and "net worth". Your goal is to
Question: Stability of a Broker: What if your broker goes bankrupt? Could you lose equity in your account? Answer: Look at the link to the SIPC. I don't know exactly
Question: Does longterm investment in index funds still make sense in a reality of massive algotrading? Answer: Why wouldn't you expect a long-term profit? Say you buy 100 shares of
Question: Buying & Selling Call Options Answer: If you sold bought a call option then as you stated sold it to someone else what you are doing is selling the
Question: New company doesn't allow 401k deposits for 6 months, what to do with money I used to deposit? Answer: I would open a taxable account with the same custodian
Question: ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) Funds on Mortgage Loan Application Answer: The problem is that you don't have the money now; so they can't know with 100% certainty that
Question: APR for a Loan Paid Off Monthly Answer: If your APR is quoted as nominal rate compounded monthly, the APR is 108.6 %. Here is the calculation, (done in
Question: How is gold shared in worldwide economies? Answer: I think you are asking a few questions here. Why is gold chosen as money? In a free market there are
Question: If I have no exemptions or deductions, just a simple paycheck, do I HAVE to file taxes? Answer: In many cases, you are required to file your taxes by
Question: Why does my bank suddenly need to know where my money comes from? Answer: Banks have a financial, and regulational duty called "Know your customer", established to avoid a
Question: Buying a house, Bank or rent to own? Answer: It depends on the deal: and you didn't give any details. That said, there are some things that stand out
Question: I cosigned on a house for my brother Answer: This is why we tell people not to co-sign unless they are able and willing to risk that money becoming
Question: Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt? Answer: I think it would have the same effect as paying off a compulsive gambler's
Question: In Australia, how to battle credit card debt? Answer: To confirm: you say you have credit card debt of $18,000 with min. repayment of $466.06, plus on top of
Question: What is the rationale behind stock markets retreating due to S&P having a negative outlook on the USA? Answer: When people (even people in the media) say: "The stock
Question: How will I pay for college? Answer: One potentially useful option to avoid the crippling tuition fees in the states is to instead get your degree abroad. Numerous European
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: A primary residence can be an admirable investment/retirement vehicle for a number of reasons. The tax savings on the mortgage are negligible compared to these.
Question: Equity market inflow meaning Answer: Inflows to the US equity market can come from a variety of sources; for instance: You were paid a year-end bonus and decided to
Question: What is this type of risk-free investment called? Answer: My Credit Union offers a market-linked CD where the investment has FDIC protection if it is held to maturity, but
Question: Everyone got a raise to them same amount, lost my higher pay than the newer employees Answer: This question is largely opinion based but I wanted to balance out
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: Loans do not carry an "interest balance". You can not pay off "all the interest". The
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: There are lots of good reasons not to do this. HOWEVER if you do decide to, there are four things
Question: Are assets lost in a bankruptcy valued at the time of loss, or according to current value? Answer: You are not the person or entity against whom the crime
Question: Where can I see the detailed historical data for a specified stock? Answer: Yahoo Finance's Historical Prices section allows you to look up daily historical quotes for any given
Question: Will I have to pay taxes for Australia if I have an Australian bank account? Answer: Because you actually reside in New Zealand, your income taxes will be paid
Question: Do stock prices drop due to dividends? Answer: Yes, the stock price drops on the ex-dividend date by roughly the amount of the dividend. There is even academic research
Question: Is real (physical) money traded during online trading? Answer: With Forex trading - physical currency is not involved. You're playing with the live exchange rates, and it is not
Question: Can you explain "time value of money" and "compound interest" and provide examples of each? Answer: Compound interest means that the interest in each time period is calculated taking
Question: Will progressively investing with moderate-to-high risk help secure a future? Answer: I always thought high-risk investing is hit or miss, but this is working out very well with the
Question: What should I do with the 50k I have sitting in a European bank? Answer: Unfortunately I do not have much experience with European banks. However, I do know
Question: Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro "Social Trading Network" using a "CFD"? Answer: As many people here have pointed out, a CFD is a contract
Question: Is it worth working at home to earn money? Can I earn more money working at home? Answer: It completely depends on what type of work you intend to
Question: Who are the real big share holders of $AMDA? Answer: There are not necessarily large shareholders, maybe every other Joe Schmoe owns 3 or 5 shares; and many shares
Question: Frustrated Landlord Answer: If you're sinking 1k/year into it, and the value is rising by $100k in 15 years, or $6k/year, you have a fine investment. Ignore the wife,
Question: What are the most efficient ways to bet on an individual stock beating the market? Answer: tl;dr: Unfortunately, there is little available to the retail investor that fits your
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: In a nutshell, there are significant entrance hurdles, legally and especially financially. The fixed cost and
Question: If I have $1000 to invest in penny stocks online, should I diversify risk and invest in many of them or should I invest in just in one? Answer:
Question: Why are interbank payment (settlement) systems closed for weekends and holidays? Answer: TARGET2 is a high value realtime settlement system across Europe and for this to be open on
Question: Where can I find historic performance data on Barclays Aggregate Canadian Bond Index? Answer: I couldn't find historical data either, so I contacted Vanguard Canada and Barclays; Vanguard replied
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: You might try to refinance some of those loans. It sounds like you
Question: Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor? Answer: If you're looking to learn more about investing for personal use (as opposed to academic
Question: If I exercise underwater ISOs, can I claim a loss? Answer: No, because you didn't lose anything. When you exercise ISO "at loss" you're buying stock without a discount,
Question: How do I cash in physical stock certificates? (GM 1989) Answer: which means the current total is $548,100. Is that correct? Yep Unfortunately the "current" GM stock is different
Question: What is the effect of a cancelled stock order on a stock and the market? Answer: That article, like almost any article written by a non-expert and quoting only
Question: Can my rent to own equity be used as a downpayment? Answer: The home owner will knock 20% off the price of the house. If the house is worth
Question: Received a call to collect on a 17 year old, charged off debt. What do I do? Answer: If they are a debt collector, they must follow the requirements
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: One of the most effective tools we have to keep ourselves from doing things is procrastination. Most of
Question: How can rebuilding a city/large area be considered an economic boost? Answer: The people who benefit are large engineering and construction companies, manufacturers of construction equipment, bankers and lawyers.
Question: How to determine contractor hourly rate and employee salary equivalents? Answer: Here are a few points to consider: Taxes: As a consultant, you will be responsible for the employer
Question: Sell or keep rental Property? Answer: Sell the house, in the scenario you describe he is using the property as an investment with a $250 per month buy-in. This
Question: How does a public company issue new shares without diluting the value held by existing shareholders? Answer: Let's say the company has a million shares valued at $10 each,
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: I can't give you proper legal advice, but if I called their customer service and used half
Question: Can I sell a stock immediately? Answer: In order to see whether you can buy or sell some given quantity of a stock at the current bid price, you
Question: When is the right time to buy a car and/or a house? Answer: Buy a house when you can, but keep driving your current car until it dies. In
Question: Legitimate unclaimed property that doesn't appear in any state directory? Answer: Most states have a "cap" on the amount a "heir finder" can charge for retrieving the property. It
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: At retirement age, your life
Question: Malaysian real estate: How to know if the market is overheated or in a bubble? Answer: I am also from Malaysia and I just purchase a property around Klang
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Don't pay off the 0% loan. First, set up an automatic monthly payment to ensure you never miss the payment
Question: What does a stock's quoted value represent? Answer: The quote price is simply the last price at which a trade completed.
Question: What is the cost of "free" trades? Answer: In the case of Wells Fargo, I believe that free trading is linked to your overall banking relationship with the firm.
Question: If gold's price implodes then what goes up? Answer: It's not clear that anything needs to go up if gold goes down. In a bubble, asset prices can just
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: A lot of good answers,
Question: Is it possible to lower the price of a stock while buying? Answer: The strategy could conceivably work if you had sufficient quantity of shares to fill all of
Question: If the housing market is recovering, why would a REIT index ETF (e.g. VNQ) not be performing well? Answer: To round out something that @Chris W. Rea pointed out,
Question: How can I investigate historical effect of Rebalancing on Return and Standard Deviation? Answer: From Vanguard's Best practices for portfolio rebalancing:
Question: Purchasing options between the bid and ask prices, or even at the bid price or below? Answer: Yes, almost always. I trade some of the most illiquid single stock
Question: How can I get free or discounted checks for my bank account? Answer: First, if you live in/around a reasonably populated urban area, and you're in the United States,
Question: How do I make a small investment in the stock market? What is the minimum investment required? Answer: Many brokers offer a selection of ETFs with no transaction costs.
Question: Are there contracts for fixed pay vs. fixed pay rates? Answer: In general the other party will expect you to keep your promises. If you promise to do something
Question: How can I cash out a check internationally? Answer: This question was asked three years ago, but now that it's 2017 there is actually a relatively easy, cheap and
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: If you own the stock today, it doesn't matter what it traded for
Question: which types of investments should be choosen for 401k at early 20's? Answer: I can't find a decent duplicate, so here are some general guidelines: First of all by
Question: For what dates are the NYSE and U.S. stock exchanges typically closed? Answer: Stumbled upon this question, I've found the updated dates for 2016 and 2017 in a more
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: You need the services of a hard-nosed financial planner. A good one will defend your
Question: Which US services allow small/micro-payments using a credit card? Answer: I don't know of any and it is unlikely that you will be able to find one. Most credit
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: As some others have pointed out, it's key to remember the difference in market value and accounting value.
Question: Will my current employer find out if I have a sole proprietarship/corporation? Answer: Tell your employer during your initial contract Terms of Service discussions. Ordinarily, this is boilerplate but
Question: ADR listed in PINK Answer: Pink Sheets is not a stock exchange per se, and securities traded through it are not as "safe" as the ones on a stock
Question: taxes, ordinary income, and adjusted cost basis for RSUs Answer: The sale of shares on vesting convolutes matters. In a way similar to how reinvested dividends are taxed but
Question: Is real (physical) money traded during online trading? Answer: This is somewhat of a non-answer but I'm not sure you'll ever find a satisfying answer to this question, because
Question: When following a buy and hold investment strategy, on what conditions should one sell? Answer: Buy and hold doesn't have an exact definition, as far as I know. In
Question: How do I add my income to my personal finance balance? Answer: Create an account called, say, "Paycheck". When you get paid, create an entry with your gross income
Question: Is short selling a good hedging strategy during overzealous market conditions? Answer: Point of order: "What goes up must come down" refers to gravity of terrestrial objects below escape
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: You should definately have a stop loss in place to manage your risk. For a time frame of
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: The most succinct answer is "Banks are in
Question: Is there ACH analogue in Asia? Answer: ACH as offered in US is a very broad and versatile network used for a range of business case. There is no
Question: How does a 2 year treasury note work? Answer: Look at this question here. In my answer there, I put a link to an Investopedia article about the bond
Question: Problems with Enterprise Value and better valuation techniques Answer: How you use the metric is super important. Because it subtracts cash, it does not represent 'value'. It represents the
Question: Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC? Answer: This is pretty normal. I am in the UK and currently doing the exact same thing. As
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: So you are in IT, that is great news because you can earn a fabulous income. The part time is not
Question: Is it wise to have plenty of current accounts in different banks? Answer: I don't think there's any law against having lots of bank accounts. But what are you
Question: Stock prices using candlesticks Answer: No it does not. Candlesticks really have nothing to do with this, a stock price can open different then the previous day's close. Examining
Question: Calculate a weekly payment on a loan when payment is a month away Answer: At time = 0, no interest has accrued. That's normal. And the first payment is
Question: How do I find the mappings between sedol and isin codes? Answer: You can get this information through Bloomberg, but it's a paid service.
Question: What's my risk of buying a house for a friend and sell back to him? Answer: This is fraud, the related legal code is "11 USC 548 - Fraudulent
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: The insurance company issued the check. I'd contact the insurance company to have the current check voided
Question: Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it's expired? Answer: This varies by jurisdiction somewhat but speaking as a Canadian, a
Question: What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate? Answer: In a lot of cases, the bank has already made their money. Shortly
Question: Why would a long-term investor ever chose a Mutual Fund over an ETF? Answer: First, it's not always the case that ETFs have lower expenses than the equivalent mutual
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: The point of buying an index fund is that you don't have to pick winners. As long as the
Question: What kind news or information would make the price of a stock go up? Answer: You should not trade based on what news is just released, if you try
Question: Which type of investments to keep inside RRSP? Answer: Milliondollarjourney.com has a couple of articles on this topic. How Investing Taxes Work part 1 and part 2. The following
Question: Personal finance app where I can mark transactions as "reviewed"? Answer: Otto, I totally agree with you. That feature would be awesome addition to mint. Have you thought of
Question: Why does Warren Buffett say his fund performance, relatively, is likely to be better in a bear market than in a bull market? Answer: Warren Buffet and Berkshire Hathaway
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: Are you talking about printing up more of the same kind of bill, or printing up a
Question: Could there be an interest for a company to make their Share price fall? Answer: Not directly Nintendo, but: A company would want its share price to be high
Question: Previous owner of my home wants to buy it back but the property's value is less than my loan what to do? Answer: I would not trust Zillow for
Question: Why can Robin Hood offer trading without commissions? Answer: They make money off you by increasing the spread you buy and sell your stocks through them. So for example,
Question: How can I investigate historical effect of Rebalancing on Return and Standard Deviation? Answer: Do not reinvent the wheel! Historical data about stock market returns and standard deviations suffer
Question: Does the expense ratio of a fund-of-funds include the expense ratios of its holdings? Answer: From The Prospectus for VTIVX; as compared to the Total Stock Market Fund; You
Question: Which set of earnings is used to work out the P/E of a stock Answer: This is a note from my broker, CMC Markets, who use Morningstar: Morningstar calculate
Question: What does Capital Surplus mean? Answer: I think it's easiest to illustrate it with an example... if you've already read any of the definitions out there, then you know
Question: How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line? Answer: How low you can reduce your costs does depend on your calling pattern. How many minutes per
Question: Dividends Growing Faster than Cost of Capital Answer: I don't think the method falls short, it's the premise that is wrong. If the dividend stream really did grow faster
Question: Does Implied Volatilty factor in all known future events? Answer: In short, yes. Implied volatility will capture any expected upcoming material announcements. There is also supply/demand impact bundled in
Question: Will my current employer find out if I have a sole proprietarship/corporation? Answer: I would have thought that if you are doing it in your own time using your
Question: Will getting a second credit card help my credit rating? Answer: This very much depends how you use that second line of credit and what your current credit is.
Question: Why is it good to borrow money to buy a house? Answer: You can explore the scenarios in which it is better to rent or to buy using this
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: Yes, as long as you are responsible with the payments and treat
Question: Easiest way to diversify savings Answer: Having savings only in your home currency is relatively 'low risk' compared with other types of 'low diversification'. This is because, in a
Question: Index fund that tracks gold and other commodities Answer: I don't know answers that would be specific to Canada but one of the main ETF funds that tracks gold
Question: Stocks and bonds have yields, but what is a yield? Answer: For bonds bought at par (the face value of the bond, like buying a CD for $1000) the
Question: Restricting a check from being deposited via cell phone Answer: I agree with you that smartphone deposits make you more vulnerable to a variety of issues. Checks are completely
Question: Why does selling and then rebuying stock not lead to free money? Answer: You are misunderstanding what makes the price of a stock go up and down. Every time
Question: mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash? Answer: Pay off your car loan. Here is why: As you mentioned, the interest on your home mortgage is tax deductible.
Question: What should I do with my freshly opened LLC in California after I've moved? Answer: There's no reason to keep the California LLC if you don't intend to do
Question: How can I deposit a check made out to my business into my personal account? Answer: You should have a separate business account. Mixing business and personal funds is
Question: Where can one find intraday prices for mutual funds? Answer: Look at morningstar holdings.It will list the top 25 holdings and their current price.This will give you a good
Question: S&P is consistently beating inflation? Answer: The U.S. economy has grown at just under 3% a year after inflation over the past 50 years. (Some of this occurred to
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: Intellectually and logically, it shouldn't bother me for
Question: How can I register a UK business without providing a business address? Answer: You don't have to provide your personal home address per se. You can provide a legal
Question: Are there special exceptions to the rule that (US) capital gains taxes are owed only when the gain materializes? Answer: In addition to the expatriation case already mentioned by
Question: Issuing bonds at discount - computing effective interest rate Answer: Yes, the "effective" and "market" rates are interchangeable. The present value formula will help make it possible to determine
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: Current evidence is that, after you subtract their commission and the additional trading costs, actively managed
Question: UK - How to receive payments in euros Answer: I am not sure about transferwise and how they work, but generally when I had to transfer money across countries,
Question: Maxing out HSA after maxing out Roth IRA Answer: Unless the hypothetical fellow is immune to disease, and indestructible, with no risk of injury, the HSA is an ideal
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: Check the Financial section in this list of Open Source Software
Question: Where are open-end funds traded? Answer: I assume that mutual funds are being discussed here. As Bryce says, open-ended funds are bought from the mutual fund company and redeemed
Question: Question about Tax Information from a Prospectus Answer: At the end of each calendar year the mutual fund company will send you a 1099 form. It will tell you
Question: Should I continue to invest in an S&P 500 index fund? Answer: You shouldn't. The Dow has gained 7% annually on average since October 1915(inflation-adjusted). It has also lost
Question: Should I cash out my Roth IRA to pay my mother's property tax debt, to avoid foreclosure on her home? Answer: You're crazy to cash out your Roth or
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Since I'm missing the shortest and simplest answer, I'll add it: A car also doesn't
Question: Formula for estimating amount needed to become full-time stock market investor Answer: You can't get there from here. This isn't the right data. Consider the following five-year history: 2%,
Question: How does giving to charity work? Answer: If something is tax-deductible in the US, it means that, in the eyes of the Internal Revenue Service, you effectively didn't earn
Question: Am I entitled to get a maintenance loan? Answer: I think you're eligible for the tuition fee loan but not the maintenance loan. I think that SFE were suggesting
Question: Given advice "buy term insurance and invest the rest", how should one "invest the rest"? Answer: Buy term and invest the rest is in fact the easiest plan. Just
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: No offer is too low. You can always offer more but you can't offer less once you have made your
Question: Why is the total 401(k) contribution limit (employee + employer) so high? Answer: Some 401k plans allow you to make "supplemental post-tax contributions". basically, once you hit the pre-tax
Question: Is it possible to know the probability that a trade is successful? Answer: If you had a trading system, and by trading system I mean the criteria setup that
Question: Vanguard ETF vs mutual fund Answer: See my comment for some discussion of why one might choose an identical fund over an ETF. As to why someone would choose
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: With a lot excess cash you eventually have two goals: Since interest
Question: Is keeping old credit cards and opening new credit cards with high limits and never using an ideal way to boost credit scores? Answer: I disagree with the reply.
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: Having no debt should be the ultimate goal for every household, IMHO, but at what cost? As an
Question: Valuation, pricing, and analysis of securities Answer: I would differentiate between pricing and valuation a bit more: Valuation is the result of investment analysis and the result of coming
Question: Capital Gains in an S Corp Answer: Lets just get to the point...Ordinary income (gains) earned from S-Corp operations (i.e. income earned after all expenses for providing services or
Question: How do I calculate ownership percentage for shared home ownership? Answer: You and your husband are fronting all the money upfront. I'm guessing this will cost you around 67,000
Question: Borrowing money to buy shares for cashflow? Answer: Maybe a bit off topic, but I suggest reading "Rich Dad Poor Dad" by Robert Kiyosaki. An investment is something that
Question: What do brokerage firms do? Answer: You can get direct market access (DMA) but you have to pay for data, as this is part of the exchanges data plan,
Question: Why can I refinance my recent car loan at a lower rate than I had received originally? Answer: The simple answer might just be that the increased credit score
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: Hehe, I feel your pain.. well, 'pain' isn't really the feeling though is it. I was unemployed
Question: Are large companies more profitable than small ones? Answer: Small companies could have growth prospects. Large companies may not have that many. So look at ROE of companies by
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: Going from personal experience, my parents let my brother and me borrow money from them all the time.
Question: If a country can just print money, is global debt between countries real? Answer: To understand this fully one would need to understand quite a few things. Not in
Question: How to use a stop and limit order together? Answer: You need to use one of each, so a single order wouldn't cover this: The stop-loss order could be
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: I put about that down on my place. I could have purchased it for cash, but since my investments were returning more interest than
Question: ETF vs Mutual Fund: How to decide which to use for investing in a popular index? Answer: What is your time horizon? Over long horizons, you absolutely want to
Question: How do I find an ideal single fund to invest all my money in? Answer: First, decide on your asset allocation; are you looking for a fund with 60%
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: You don't have to retire. But the US government and other national governments have programs that allow you to set aside
Question: Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? Answer: The game is not zero sum. When a friend and I chop down a tree, and build a
Question: What should I reserve "emergency savings" for? Answer: I think it is stated perfectly in the question, "unforeseen critical needs." You know you will need to buy new tires
Question: New to options trading and need help understanding an options spread risk graph. What am I missing? Answer: You haven't said why you think you will gain at $41,
Question: Retirement Options for Income Answer: I agree that you should CONSIDER a shares based dividend income SIPP, however unless you've done self executed trading before, enough to understand and
Question: Will I be paid dividends if I own shares? Answer: gnasher729, was able to see my problem here. It was a silly oversight. It's not 50p a share, its
Question: What is the difference between fund and portfolio? Answer: Oddly enough, in the USA, there are enough cost and tax savings between buy-and-hold of a static portfolio and buying
Question: Should I invest $35,000 for 3-5 months? [duplicate] Answer: Is it possible to profit from some of this money in the short term before I need to access it?
Question: Why do car rental companies prefer/require credit over debit cards? Answer: People with credit cards tend to have better credit than those who only have debit cards. People with
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: You're asking if lottery ticket can ever produce a positive expected value (EV). The short
Question: Where I can find the exact time when a certain company's stock will be available in the secondary market? Answer: Twitter is planning to go public on NYSE. You'll
Question: How to evaluate an annuity Answer: Guaranteed 8.2% annual return sounds too good to be true. Am I right? Are there likely high fees, etc.? You're right. Guaranteed annual
Question: Assessing the value of an ETF Answer: You can follow the intra-day NAV of an ETF, for instance SPY, by viewing its .IV (intra-day value) ticker which tracks it's
Question: Why do card processing companies discourage "cash advance" activities Answer: This is most likely protecting Square's relationship with Visa/Mastercard/AMEX/etc. Credit card companies typically charge their customers a much higher
Question: What is a good 5-year plan for a college student with $15k in the bank? Answer: I just checked TCF's rates, and they only pay a miserly rate of
Question: What are some valuable sources for investment experience, when there is very little to no money to start with? Answer: Fake stock market trading may teach you about trading,
Question: Paying restaurants in cash instead of credit card - how signficant is this? Answer: You know those perks/benefits that you don't want to give up? Those are funded by
Question: Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under? Answer: If the FDIC didn't insure your deposit, there would be a run on
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Keep up on routine maintenance. That's the best way to prolong the life of your car, and
Question: Changing Bank Account Number regularly to reduce fraud Answer: We change it every so often to reduce fraud. This is idiocy. They receive regular payments. They are asking the
Question: Why call option price increases with higher volatility Answer: The entire premise of purchasing a call option is your expectation that the prices will rise. So even though there
Question: How can I diversify $7k across ETFs and stocks? Answer: You don't really have a lot of money, and that isn't a criticism as much as that you are
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: Simply, you should put your money into whatever
Question: Buying & Selling Call Options Answer: You're correct. If you have no option position at execution then you carry no risk. Your risk is only based on the net
Question: Would investing equally in all 30 companies which comprise the DJIA net the same performance as the DJIA? Answer: DJIA is a price weighted index (as in the amount
Question: Anticipating being offered stock options in a privately held company upon employment. What questions should I ask? Answer: Good questions. I can only add that it may be valuable
Question: Will I always be able to get a zero-interest credit card? Answer: No. There is no guarantee that credit card issuing banks will always use 0% introductory rates to
Question: Profiting off $0.01 changes in real life? Answer: You can certainly try to do this, but it's risky and very expensive. Consider a simplified example. You buy 1000 shares
Question: Are companies like EquityZen legitimate and useful? Answer: Full disclosure: Im an intern for EquityZen, so Im familiar with this space but can speak with the most accuracy about
Question: How can my friend send $3K to me without using Paypal? Answer: Most bank bill pay services will work for this purpose. Generally you can pay any person or
Question: When applying for a mortgage, can it also cover outstanding debts? Answer: Yes, but should you be even trying to get a mortgage if you can't aford at least
Question: How do you quantify investment risk? Answer: Another approach would be more personalized, which is to measure the risk of missing your goals, rather than measuring the risk of
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: I think this varies considerably depending on your situation. I've
Question: What should I do with the change in my change-jar? Answer: Are you in an occupation that regularly collects change or is this change left in your pocket at
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: It is going to
Question: How do you determine "excess cash" for Enterprise Value calculations from a balance sheet? Answer: Excess Cash = Cash & Equivalents + Long-Term Investments - Current Liabilities The problem
Question: Project future trend of a stock with high positive autocorrelation Answer: Auto-correlation is a statistical concept for measuring repeating patterns in series. In stocks it is of particular interest
Question: What is a formula for calculating equity accumulated while repaying car loan? Answer: By the sounds of things, you're not asking for a single formula but how to do
Question: Valuation Spreadsheet Answer: Yes, all of that is possible with google sheets...
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: If you are looking to build wealth, leasing is a bad idea. But so is
Question: I need a car for 2 years. Buy or lease (or something else)? Answer: Any one of your three options is viable and has its advantages and disadvantages. Personally,
Question: Financing with two mortgages: a thing of the past? Answer: I doubt it. I researched it a bit when I was shopping for a HELOC, and found no bank
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: Stocks "go up 5-7% every year. This has been true for the last 100 years for
Question: Accepted indicators for stock market valuation Answer: There are several camps for stock valuation, and much of it boils down to your investment style. A growth investor will not
Question: Dividend yeild per unit Answer: I am also confused by what he says. The DJIA has not been at 900 for decades. However a $36 dividend is 4% per
Question: Investment options Answer: Option 1 is out. There are no "safe returns" that make much money. Besides, if a correction does come along how will you know when to
Question: value of guaranteeing a business loan Answer: You are confining the way you and the other co-founders are paid for guaranteeing the loan to capital shares. Trying to determine
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Plan all your needs and put priority based on need & urgency.
Question: Is a "total stock market" index fund diverse enough alone? Answer: Write off the entire asset class of corporate bonds? Finance theory says yes, the only two asset classes
Question: Discussing stock and stock index movement: clarifying percentage vs. points? Answer: As I write this, the NASDAQ Composite is at 2790.00, down 6.14 points from yesterday. To calculate the
Question: How can I get the car refinanced under my name if my girlfriend signed for the loan? Answer: You should have her sell it to you for the amount
Question: If I'm going to start doing my own taxes soon, do I need to start keeping receipts for everything? Answer: You don't need to keep receipts for most things,
Question: How to exclude stock from mutual fund Answer: Owning a stock via a fund and selling it short simultaneously should have the same net financial effect as not owning
Question: What's the difference between Market Cap and NAV? Answer: Market caps is just the share price, multiplied by the number of shares. It doesn't represent any value (if people
Question: Does SIPC protect securities purchased in foreign exchanges? Answer: I'll give it a shot, even though you don't seem to be responding to my comment. SIPC insures against fraud
Question: Is a currency "hedged" ETF actually a more speculative instrument than an unhedged version? Answer: I will just try to come up with a totally made up example, that
Question: If throwing good money after bad is generally a bad idea, is throwing more money after good Ok? Answer: The response to this question will be different depending which
Question: What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking? Answer: USAA does - that's my bank. Wells Fargo tries to determine whether the online
Question: Is there a reliable way to find, if a stock or company is heading bankruptcy? Answer: You can avoid companies that might go bankrupt by not buying the stock
Question: Are there any benefits of FMLA beyond preserving your job? Answer: How will your employer treat your pay and benefits status while you're on leave? Disability income coverage and
Question: When should I start saving/investing for my retirement? Answer: Start as soon as you can and make your saving routine. Start with whatever you feel comfortable with and be
Question: Is there a "standard deduction" for Line 5 on Schedule A of Federal taxes? Answer: The $10,400 is in the question, in two pieces. His employer withheld $8000, and
Question: 1099 versus corporation to corporation for payments? Answer: Do not mix personal accounts and corporate accounts. If you're paid as your self person - this money belongs to you,
Question: How did my number of shares get reduced? Answer: Your question is missing information. The most probable reason is that the company made a split or a dividend paid
Question: How to protect myself against unauthorized recurring CC charges? Answer: There is no way to stop any merchant from setting a recurring charge flag on a purchase. According to
Question: Does the Black-Scholes Model apply to American Style options? Answer: as no advantage from exerting American call option early,we can use Black schole formula to evaluate the option.However, American
Question: Is there any downside to using temporary credit card numbers with subscription services? Answer: If you've agreed to pay the money, then you owe them whether they have a
Question: Buying a house. I have the cash for the whole thing. Should I still get a mortgage to get the homeowner tax break? Answer: Except for unusual tax situations
Question: What are support and resistance of a stock? Answer: You should check out existing resources like Investopedia for definitions, and ask questions if there is something you do not
Question: implementation of risk managed momentum strategy Answer: The paragraph before on page 115 states: Scaling corresponds to having a weight in the long and short legs that is different
Question: Placing bid in market price Answer: Market price is just the bid or offer price of the last sell or buy order in the market. The price that you
Question: Is selling put options an advisable strategy for a retiree to generate stable income? Answer: Selling options is a great idea, but tweak it a bit and sell credit
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: I personally think that you should do whatever you believe works best. I am not married but
Question: Why should I trust investment banks' ratings? Answer: If there's indeed no reason to trust GS, i.e. those are just guides then the question is: Why do investors seem
Question: Consequences of buying/selling a large number of shares for a low volume stock? Answer: First, If you buy $10K of a penny stock and try to sell it that
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: One way to think of the typical fixed rate mortgage, is that you can calculate the
Question: Economics Books Answer: I followed Economics by Michael Parkin for my college level course. It does not involve very complicated mathematics (beyond simple arithmetic and interpreting plots/charts). I found
Question: Relative worth of investment versus spending for the economy Answer: I don't think that there's a specific number or index that gives you what you're looking for. I think
Question: Why would a person not want to purchase a Personal Liability (Umbrella) insurance policy? Answer: This article has a section titled "Do you need an umbrella policy to cover
Question: If an option's price is 100% made up of its intrinsic value, is there a way to guarantee a non-loss while having a chance at a profit? Answer: Yes,
Question: How do I calculate the quarterly returns of a stock index? Answer: So for quarters So, if Q1's value was 10 and Q2's value was 25 For closing or
Question: Was on debt..can I now enter UK on visitor visa Answer: Whether or not you'll be allowed to enter the UK is a topic for a different forum (and
Question: Does freedom to provide services allow me contracting in Germany without paying taxes there (but in my home EU country)? Answer: Also within Germany the tax offices usually determine
Question: What are the options for a 19-year-old college student who only has about $1000? Answer: Kid, you need to start thinking in thresholds. There are several monetary thresholds that
Question: Why must identification be provided when purchasing a money order? Answer: The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 requires that banks assist the U.S. Gov't in identifying and preventing money
Question: Sell a stock and buy a new one Answer: You have to wait for three (business) days. That's the time it takes for the settlement to complete and for
Question: Learning investing and the stock market Answer: I would recommend getting a used set of Chartered Financial Analyst books. The series is a great broad introduction to the most
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I once turned down a raise because I didn't agree with the employee review that supposedly substantiated the
Question: Should I invest in a Health Insurance +1 policy from my Employer? Answer: One thing to look into is if there is an extra fee for covering a spouse
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: You shouldn't be picking stocks in the first place. From New York Magazine,
Question: Would it ever be a bad idea to convert a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA with the following assumptions? Answer: Taking all your assumptions: With Roth, you take
Question: Is it a bad idea to invest a student loan? Answer: Are there any laws against doing this? so long as you are truthful in your application for the
Question: How to know if I can have NOL (U.S. tax)? Answer: Individuals most definitely can have NOL. This is covered in the IRS publication 536. What is the difference
Question: What to do with $50,000? Answer: Here is some good advice, read your UCO prospectus. It seems to hold 20% of it's value ($600MM out of $3B) via 13800
Question: How does the market adjust for fees in ETPs? Answer: The market doesn't really need to adjust for fees on ETF funds that are often less than 1/10th of
Question: Investing in the stock market during periods of high inflation Answer: The relation between inflation and stock (or economic) performance is not well-understood. Decades ago, economists thought inflation corresponded
Question: Why do banks encourage me to use online bill payment? Answer: Its more convenient for both you and the bank; its much simpler to handle things electronically than it
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: There is no interest outstanding, per se. There is only principal outstanding. Initially, principal outstanding is
Question: If a stock has only buyers and no sellers how does its price go up? Answer: You are interpreting things wrong. Indian Infotech and Software Ltd (BOM:509051) clearly has
Question: Is it normal to think of money in different "contexts"? Answer: All value given to products is subjective and is different from person to person. It can also vary
Question: Simplifying money management Answer: Personally, I have a little checkbook program that I use to keep track of my spending and balance. Like you -- and I presume like
Question: Dad paying for my new home in cash. How can I buy the house from him? Answer: Presumably this house is a great deal for you for some reason
Question: What differentiates index funds and ETFs? Answer: Index Funds & ETFs, if they are tracking the same index, will be the same in an ideal world. The difference would
Question: Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it's expired? Answer: The check is just barely over 6 months old. I suspect
Question: Bond ETFs vs actual bonds Answer: ETFs are just like any other mutual fund; they hold a mix of assets described by their prospectus. If that mix fits your
Question: What are the advantages/disadvantages of a self-directed IRA? Answer: There is nothing wrong with self directed IRA's the problem is that most of the assets they specialize in are
Question: United Kingdom: Where to save money for a property deposit Answer: Another option is the new 'innovative finance isa' that allow you to put a wrapper round peer to
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: I know folks who considered
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: Everyone has a price. If nobody is selling shares, then increase the price you will buy them for. And then wait. Somebody will have
Question: Should I Purchase Health Insurance Through My S-Corp Answer: I'm not sure about reimbursement, you'll have to talk to a tax adviser (CPA/EA licensed in your State). From what
Question: How do I find a good mutual fund to invest 5K in with a moderately high amount of risk? Answer: Just find a low cost S&P 500 index fund,
Question: What's the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time? Answer: I've been using Tick at work now for several months and have really enjoyed
Question: Do stocks give you more control over your finances than mutual funds? Answer: Exchange-traded funds are bought and sold like stocks so you'd be able to place stop orders
Question: Does this plan make any sense for early 20s investments? Answer: I'm not following what's the meaning of "open a mutual fund". You don't open a mutual fund, you
Question: Who determines, and how, the composition of the S&P 500 index? Answer: S & P's site has a methodology link that contains the following which may be of use:
Question: Difference between 'split and redemption' of shares and dividend Answer: It is the first time I encounter redemption programme and I would like to know what are my options
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: I also feel it's important to NOT get a credit card. I'm
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: As others have pointed out, you can't just pick a favorable number and rent for that amount.
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: From a mathematical expected-value standpoint, there is no difference between gambling (e.g. buying a lottery ticket) and investing (e.g. buying
Question: How does AMT/state taxes work for stock options in California? Answer: Does this technically mean that she has to pay AMT on $400,000? Yes. Well, not exactly 400,000. She
Question: Can this check still be honored? [duplicate] Answer: You could talk to them, but (assuming you're in the U.S.), it's highly doubtful any bank would honor a check from
Question: How does Yahoo finance adjust stock data for splits and dividends? Answer: For stock splits, let's say stock XYZ closed at 100 on February 5. Then on February 6,
Question: Do other countries have the equivalent of Australia's Negative Gearing? Answer: In India, where I live, you can: In addition, housing loans are given priority status as well -
Question: How are Canada Universal Child Care Benefit (UCCB) & related tax measures changing in 2015? Answer: The Child Care Expense Deduction (line 214) dollar limits will each increase by
Question: UK Tax - can I claim expenses against a different tax year? Answer: In some circumstances losses from self-employment can be offset against total income and/or capital gains. If
Question: Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive? Answer: Let's use an example: You buy 10 machines for 100k, and those
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: Generally speaking no person or program is really going to be able to help you lower
Question: Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first? Answer: I wish I was in your shoes with the knowledge I
Question: Approach to share options in the UK Answer: I'm in the US, so there may be idiosyncrasies with UK taxes that I'm not familiar with, but here's how I've
Question: Stocks are traded on secondary markets? Answer: NYSE and Nasdaq are secondary markets where stocks are bought or sold. The process of creating new stocks via IPO or private
Question: Investment options for f1 visa students in USA Answer: There's no limitation on what you can invest in, including trading stocks (as long as trading is not a business
Question: What would be a wise way to invest savings for a newly married couple? Answer: First, keep about six months' expenses in immediately-available form (savings account or similar). Second,
Question: What is the compound annual growth rate of the major markets? Answer: Under construction, but here's what I have so far: Schwab Data from 1970-2012: About.com data from 1980-2012:
Question: Is there a reason to buy a 0% yield bond? Answer: 0% bonds are desirable for some individuals. It depends on your situation. 0% bonds are usually sold well
Question: How to find out if a company has purchased government (or other) bonds? Answer: This is in the balance sheet, but the info is not usually that detailed. It
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: I bought a house when I was 22, I also had $10k in student load debt. After the down payment, I had
Question: Why not just invest in the market? Answer: Index funds do leech a "free ride" on the coattails of active traders. Consider what would happen if literally everyone bought
Question: What exactly is a "bad," "standard," or "good" annual raise? If I am told a hard percentage and don't get it, should I look elsewhere? Answer: There are many
Question: Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments with Monthly Income Answer: I think we are mixing this up. If you invest using loan, and are paying the loan
Question: Should I Pay Off my Student Loan Debts First or Invest in an Index Fund? Answer: A major thing to consider when deciding whether to invest or pay off
Question: Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend? Answer: Shares in a company represent a portion of a company. If that company takes in money and doesn't pay
Question: Do bond interest rate risk premiums only compensate for the amount investors might lose? Answer: In answer to your last formulation, no. In a perfectly efficient market, different investors
Question: Outstanding car bill, and I am primary but have not driven it for 2 years Answer: What can you do? Pay the loan or face the debt collectors. The
Question: Offshore bank account with online International wire-transfer facility for Indians Answer: India does allow Resident Indians to open USD accounts. Most leading National and Private Banks offer this. You
Question: Can used books bought off Amazon be claimed as a tax deduction in Australia? Answer: VAT = Value Added Tax (as an Aussie think "GST") This is applicable in
Question: Get the maximum interest rate from a bank on short term holdings Answer: You can open Savings Bank Account with some Banks that offer better interest rate. Note there
Question: Foolish to place orders before the market opens? Answer: If you are in it for the long run and are not worried about intra day fluctuations and buying within
Question: How an ETF pays dividend to shareholders if a holding company issues dividend Answer: Join me for a look at the Quote for SPY. A yield of 1.82%. So
Question: How can I help my friend change his saving habits? Answer: If he's not used to cooking, recipes might not be enough. Maybe he needs cooking lessons. I used
Question: Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading? Answer: Yes it is viable as long term!! BUT... The average yearly return for the Nasdaq-100 for the last 20 years
Question: What is an exercise price in regards to restricted stock awards? Answer: It's still the purchase price or the price at which the shares are purchased or granted. This
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: Keep it simple: mutual funds (preferably index, low fee or ETF linked funds) do make a nice start for
Question: How to safely earn interest on business profits (UK) Answer: Deposit it in a business savings account. The following below show you some options you can choose from. Next
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: If you are going to the frenzy of individual stock picking, like almost everyone initially, I suggest you
Question: I have savings and excess income. Is it time for me to find a financial advisor? Answer: Is my financial status OK? If not, how can I improve it?
Question: Can't the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud? Answer: Yes, and there are almost no checks (no pun intended) on people pulling money from your
Question: Is there any real purpose in purchasing bonds? Answer: Here are my reasons as to why bonds are considered to be a reasonable investment. While it is true that,
Question: Did I get screwed in taxes on a mutual fund dividend payment? Answer: How is that possible?? The mutual fund doesn't pay taxes and passes along the tax bill
Question: How to start investing/thinking about money as a young person? Answer: I think "Rich Dad Poor Dad" is a good read for understanding the basics of personal finance in
Question: Personal credit card for business expenses Answer: If you are just starting out, I would say there is no disadvantage to using a personal card for business expenses. In
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: The key question is this - What brings you happiness? How much is this behavior actually making
Question: Canceling credit cards - insurance rate increase? Answer: The comments section to Dilip's reply is overflowing. First - the OP (Graphth) is correct in that credit scoring has become
Question: How do amortization schedules work and when are they used? Answer: An amortization schedule is often used to produce identical payments for the term (repayment period) of a loan,
Question: Insider Trading? Answer: Nope, its not legal. Easy to explain: If you know something that isn't public known ("inside") it's called insider trading. Hard to prove (impossible), but still
Question: Moving my online only business to the USA? Answer: You don't need a Visa to create or own US property. Your registered agent will be able to take care
Question: How can I find out what factors are making a stock's price rise? Answer: At any moment, the price is where the supply (seller) and demand (buyer) intersect. This
Question: Unemployment Insurance Through Options Answer: That's not unemployment insurance. Because it's perfectly possible, and even likely, that your industry will do badly but you'll keep your job, or that
Question: Possible to use balance transfers to avoid interest with major credit cards? Answer: I have done this for years and have been quite successful at it. Two reason I
Question: Opening offshore account from UK Answer: I think your best bet here would be HSBC. They will provide the required currencies, credit/debit cards, and very easy to use online
Question: Why certain currencies are considered safe havens in times of turmoil Answer: Switzerland is presumably where one moves the money in case of an apocalypse; although, they have lost
Question: How to make use of EUR/USD fluctuations in my specific case? Answer: This is called currency speculation, and it's one of the more risky forms of investing. Unless you
Question: When a Company was expected and then made a profit of X $ then that X$ increased it's share price. or those the Sellers and Buyers [duplicate] Answer: There
Question: What is the best way to invest in gold as a hedge against inflation without having to hold physical gold? Answer: Since GLD is priced as 1/10 oz of
Question: Can you explain "time value of money" and "compound interest" and provide examples of each? Answer: Time Value of Money - The simple calculation for this is FV =
Question: Are warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam's Club worth it? Answer: Silly as it sounds, we belong to both BJ's and Sam's club (we don't have Costco in this
Question: When does giving a gift "count" for tax year? Answer: Based on past case law, a check made payable to qualified charity and delivered (e.g., placed in the mail
Question: Are car buying services worth it? Answer: The buying service your credit union uses is similar to the one my credit union uses. I have used their service several
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: yes and no its definitely not charitable as
Question: Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home? Answer: Banks and lenders have become a bit more conservative since the
Question: Separated spouse filed for SNAP benefits as single. Does this affect ability to file taxes jointly? Answer: The IRS isn't going to care how you filed for benefits -
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: Naturally the advice from JoeTaxpayer and dsimcha is correct, every situation is different. I will get reckless, go
Question: Which kind of investment seems feasible to have more cashflow every week or month? Answer: I'll mirror what the others have said in that your expectations for returns are
Question: Explain the HSI - why do markets sometimes appear in sync and other times not? Answer: Contributing factors to the diversion were that: A) China's currency does not float
Question: Ordering From UK to Base Overseas - VAT exempt? Answer: If you are an UK citizen and resident, then no. If you are an EU resident or non-EU resident
Question: Why are bank transactions not instant? Answer: If you want your bank to pay $1 to a beneficiary Bob, then the service (no matter how implemented) needs to result
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: If you have complicated taxes (own a business, many houses, you are self employed, you are
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: Lots of people make poor decisions in crises. Some panic, and don't make any decision at all. Insurance for affordable things can provide emotional security:
Question: Electric car lease or buy? Answer: I might be missing something, but I always understood that leasing is about managing cash-flow in a business. You have a fixed monthly
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: If you are living at home as an adult, then you should be
Question: Trying to figure out my student loans Answer: Is there anything here I should be deathly concerned about? I don't see anything you should be deathly concerned about unless
Question: Is investing in housing considered an adequate hedge against inflation? Answer: Yes, in 2 ways: As you mention, the price of a home generally grows with inflation - along
Question: Shorting stocks: Indicators that a stock will drop? Answer: First, it's much safer to be shorting stocks over $5 than stocks under $5. I use 3 indicators to show
Question: Stock exchanges open on Saturday Answer: According to Wikipedia as well as this stock market trading-hours website, the Tehran Stock Exchange is open Saturday through Wednesday.
Question: How can a U.S. citizen open a bank account in Europe? Answer: If you don't want to hassle with opening an account (and don't mind going without insurance) there
Question: Considering buying a house in town with few major employers (economic stability) Answer: It seems pretty clear to me that one of two things will happen regarding your local
Question: How to acquire skills required for long-term investing? Answer: I would say that the three most important skills are: Note that some costs are hidden. So, for example, a
Question: Allocation between 401K/retirement accounts and taxable investments, as a young adult? Answer: I would say yes, it makes sense to keep some money in taxable accounts. Retirement accounts are
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: Will there be a scenario in which I want to sell, but nobody wants to buy from me and
Question: Do I purchase stocks or not? Answer: You didn't give enough information. What is your goal? What is your financial situation? A discount to buy company stock can seem
Question: Eligibility for stock rights offering Answer: Yes, there is a delay between when you buy a stock and when you actually take ownership of it. This is called the
Question: When is an option a certain number of strikes in the money? e.g. "two strikes in"? Answer: I have traded options, but not professionally. I hadn't come across this
Question: Invest in (say, index funds) vs spending all money on home? Answer: The short answer is that it depends on the taxation laws in your country. The long answer
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: Have her chip in for the regular expenses, utilities, food, etc., and
Question: Investment Options for 14-year old? Answer: 5 years is a reasonable time period to invest in a stock which will give you a decent return and will generally not
Question: Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option? Answer: Stock index funds are likely, but not certainly, to be a good long-term investment. In
Question: Types of investments with built-in puts or similar safety features Answer: An index annuity is almost the same as Indexed Universal Life, except the equity-index annuity is an investment
Question: Why do banks encourage me to use online bill payment? Answer: Most transactions that the bank performs for you are electronic ACH transactions, so the costs to them are
Question: Large volume options sell Answer: Yes this is possible in the most liquid securities, but currently it would take several days to get filled in one contract at that
Question: How to keep control of shared expenses inside marriage? Answer: Call me old fashioned, but that sounds less like a marriage and more like a business partnership. Maybe there
Question: Canceling credit cards - insurance rate increase? Answer: Your credit score can be part of the algorithm for setting your rates for auto insurance. It is one of many
Question: Is there any downside to using temporary credit card numbers with subscription services? Answer: You're knowingly providing a payment method which has insufficient funds to meet the terms of
Question: Should I continue to invest in an S&P 500 index fund? Answer: 5-8 years is not quite long term. Until the naughts (the 2001-10 decade), advisors were known to
Question: Electric car lease or buy? Answer: I would like to add that from my own research, a pro to leasing over buying a new vehicle would be that with
Question: Can I deduct equipment expenses for a job I began overseas? Answer: A computer is a special case because the IRS thinks that you might be using it for
Question: ETF vs Mutual Fund: How to decide which to use for investing in a popular index? Answer: If you just want to track an index, then ETFs are, generally
Question: Can I invest in the London stock market when resident on a visa? Answer: There are no legal restrictions on doing this. If you're living in the UK, just
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: The key to understanding a mortgage is to look at an amortization schedule. Put in 100k,
Question: Online sites for real time bond prices Answer: Bonds are extremely illiquid and have traditionally traded in bulk. This has changed in recent years, but bonds used to be
Question: Why doesn't Japan just divide the Yen by 100? Answer: What benefit vs. what cost? Benefit - none that I can think of. Cost - massive. Every system that
Question: Postbank (Germany) - transferring money to the US - what are the best options? Answer: For those who are interested, I am answering my own question: We used Postbank
Question: What is a good investment vehicle for introducing kids to investing? Answer: I'd also look into index funds (eg Vanguard) as they have low management fees. you can buy
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: A lot of it boils down to these key points:
Question: Lowest Interest Options for Short-Term Loan Answer: Also talk to your bank(s) or credit union(s); first one of mine I looked at offers an unsecured loan at 7% variable,
Question: Full-time work + running small side business: Best business structure for taxes? Answer: A tax return is a document you sign and file with the government to self-report your
Question: Do new automobiles typically release in low numbers? Answer: Do new automobiles typically release in low numbers? and later you say The car released 2 days ago. I called
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: I decline politely. The cost of the insurance policy has two components: The actual cost of a
Question: When does it make financial sense to take advantage of employer's tuition reimbursement program? Answer: If you have decided to do the degree, and are simply deciding whether to
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: It is difficult to find investment banks that offer both low fees and low minimum investments. If you google
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: If you have children in a university institution, then your annual salary is reported via financial aid forms.
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: My preferred method of doing this is to get a bank draft from the US in Euros
Question: Credit cards: How is a cash advance different from a purchase? Why are the fees so high? Answer: Think about the credit card business model... they have two revenue
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: The mathematically correct answer is to invest, because you'll get a higher rate of return. I think that
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: Read the terms and conditions very carefully. Many zero percent deals have a requirement that
Question: Should I invest in my house, when it's in my wife's name? Answer: It is my opinion that part of having a successful long-term relationship is being committed to
Question: Are 'no interest if paid in in x months' credit cards worth it? Answer: No, because of the balance transfer fees, which could be 4%. Unless of course you
Question: Changed from job that had a 401K, and the new one doesn't. How do I answer when filing? Answer: If you had a retirement plan at any time in
Question: Should I buy a house or am I making silly assumptions that I can afford it? Answer: Having convinced myself that there is no point of paying someone's else
Question: What is the best way to determine if you should refinance a mortgage? Answer: See the Mortgage Professor's calculators (#3). Go to bankrate and look up rates so you
Question: Can you deduct hobby expenses up to hobby income in Canada? Answer: Yes, your business needs to be in the business of making money in order for you to
Question: Is this follow-up after a car crash a potential scam? Answer: You wouldn't pay what the quote says, you would pay what the bill says. If the car is
Question: How to calculate stock price (value) based on given values for equity and debt? Answer: There is no formula for calculating a stock price based on the financials of
Question: how derivatives transfer risk from one entity to another Answer: When you buy a call option, you transfer the risk to the owner of the asset. They are risking
Question: Claiming income/deductions on an illegal apartment Answer: A basement unit would typically rent for less than similar space on a higher floor. Taxwise, you should be claiming the income,
Question: A calculator that takes into account portfolio rebalancing? Answer: Quicken has tools for this, but they have some quirks so i hesitate to actually recommend it on that basis.
Question: Cheapest way to wire or withdraw money from US account while living in Europe Answer: There is a number of cheaper online options that you could use. TranferWise was
Question: "Convertible -debt/note/bond/debentures" which of these are the same or different? Answer: They all basically mean the same thing - a type of debt than can be exchanged for (converted
Question: What could a malicious party potentially achieve by having *just* a name, account number, and sort code? Answer: When you want to pay a bill on line there are
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: Actually the extra payment comes off the back end of the mortgage. So technically the mortgage is ony
Question: Does a rescheduled conference call generally mean "something's wrong" with a company? Answer: Insiders (those who are aware of non-public material information, not necessarily employees) are the ones who
Question: How credible is Stansberry's video "End of America"? Answer: I know nothing about the guy, but I think the "premium" products (Penny stock recommendations, a newsletter devoted to earning
Question: Why are some countries' currencies "weaker"? Answer: The answer from littleadv perfectly explains that the mere exchange ratio doesn't say anything. Still it might be worth adding why some
Question: Is socialtrend.com or/and feelthetrend.com legitimate? Answer: It's called a "Pyramid scheme". Its illegal in almost every country of the Western world. You're not going to earn lifetime income, of
Question: How to learn about doing technical analysis? Any suggested programs or tools that teach it? Answer: I recall the name Martin Pring. As my fundamental analysis book from grad
Question: What accounted for DXJR's huge drop in stock price? Answer: Imagine you have a bank account with $100 in it. You are thinking about selling this bank account, so
Question: How does refinancing work? Answer: Since there was no sale, where does the money actually come from? From the refinancing bank. It's a new loan. How does a bank
Question: Can a car company refuse to give me a copy of my contract or balance details? Answer: The advice above is generally good, but the one catch I haven't
Question: Auto loan: must make X payments before payoff Answer: Paperwork prevails. What you have is a dealer who get a kickback for sending financing to that institution. And the
Question: What are a few sites that make it easy to invest in high interest rate mutual funds? Answer: Are you looking for something like Morningstar.com? They provide information about
Question: Calculating Pre-Money Valuation for Startup Answer: Putting a dollar amount on the valuation of a start up business is an art form that often has very little at all
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: Try to buy an airline ticket, rent a hotel room, or rent a car without a credit card. Doable? Perhaps. Easy? Nope.
Question: Merits of buying apartment houses and renting them Answer: Im not an expert on the VISA/US tax or insurance, but you're making enough mistakes in terms of all the
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: For the most part, saving money usually depends upon having a budget
Question: I'm in Australia. What should I look for in an online stock broker, for trading mostly on the ASX? Answer: I don't know where your trade figures are from.
Question: Am I understanding buying options on stock correctly Answer: Here is a quick and dirty explanation of options. In a nutshell, you pay a certain amount to buy a
Question: What exchange rate does El Al use when converting final payment amount to shekels? Answer: The rate for "checks and transfers" is set by each bank multiple times during
Question: For a mortgage down-payment, what percentage is sensible? Answer: A bigger down payment is good, because it insulates you from the swings in the real estate market. If you
Question: How to change stock quantity in KMyMoney investment editor? Answer: I can't give you a detailed answer because I'm away from the computer where I use kMyMoney, but IIRC
Question: What's the difference between "Index" and "Accumulation" tracker funds? Answer: Whenever a website mentions Hypothetical Growth of $100, $1,000, or $10,000, it assumes that that investor himself will reinvest
Question: What are stock indexed funds and how do they lower taxes? Answer: who computes the S&P 500? Standard and Poor's. Why are they sharing this information and Because that's
Question: How to invest my British pound salary Answer: The London Stock Exchange offers a wealth of exchange traded products whose variety matches those offered in the US. Here is
Question: Pay or not pay charged-off accounts for mortgage qualification Answer: Your post has some assumptions that are not, or may not be true. For one the assumption is that
Question: Standard Deviation with Asset Prices? Answer: James Roth provides a partial solution good for stock picking but let's speed up process a bit, already calculated historical standard deviations: Ibbotson,
Question: How do online referal systems work? Answer: Yeah, I'll take the challenge...:) How trustworthy these are and what are their sources of income? These are in fact two separate
Question: In a buy order with a trigger, will I pay the current ask or the buy price in the order? Answer: If you want to buy once the price
Question: How long can I convert 401(k) to Roth 401(k)? Answer: the deadline for roth conversions is december 31st. more precisely, roth conversions are considered to have happened in the
Question: Any tax advantage for registering a residential house as a business? (I want to apply legal pressure to my landlord) Answer: To the best of my knowledge, in California
Question: How fast does the available amount of gold in the world increase due to mining? Answer: If that fraction is really small, then the amount of gold can be
Question: What are the easier to qualify home loans in Canada? Answer: Your credit score is really bad, and it's highly unlikely anyone will be willing to give you a
Question: Is there a Canadian credit card which shows holds? Answer: As for PC Mastercard like stated by @nullability, VISA Desjardins list the "Pending Authorizations" almost instantly (the time it's
Question: splitting a joint mortgage - one owner in home Answer: Definitely get a lawyer to write up all the details of the partnership in a formal agreement. If your
Question: How should I begin investing real money as a student? Answer: I started my account with $500 so I know where you're coming from. For the words of caution,
Question: Why are American-style options worth more than European-style options? Answer: OK, my fault for not doing more research. Wikipedia explains this well: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Option_style#Difference_in_value Basically, there are some cases where
Question: Which dividend bearing stock should be chosen by price? Answer: Don't ever quantify a stock's preference/performance just based on the dividend it is paying out Volatility defined by movements
Question: Do you know of any online monetary systems? Answer: I recently came across bitcoin, it is what I was really looking for at the time.
Question: Mortgage refinancing Answer: First, check with your lender to see if the terms of the loan allow early payoff. If you are able to payoff early without penalty, with
Question: Starting with Stocks or Forex? Answer: Stick with stocks, if you are not well versed in forex you will get fleeced or in over your head quickly. The leverage
Question: How can I transfer and consolidate my 401k's and other options? Answer: Every plan administrator has their own procedures for rollovers. In any case, you would start by browsing
Question: Does borrowing from my 401(k) make sense in my specific circumstance? Answer: The set of circumstances that 401k loans make sense, are very small. As you would expect yours
Question: How can home buying be considered a sound investment with all of that interest that needs to be paid? Answer: Since then I wanted to move out of this
Question: why do energy stocks trade at lower prices compared to other sectors? Answer: I don't know why stocks in some industries tend to have lower prices per share than
Question: Why does the calculation for IRR use revenue, not profit? Answer: The short answer is that you would want to use the net inflow or net outflow, aka profit
Question: How to find a good third-party, 401k management/advice service? Answer: Another option to a human advisor is FutureAdvisor, a web service that (if it supports your 401k plan) gives
Question: Are there cons to paying monthly bills with a rewards card and then paying it off monthly? Answer: Some accounts, such as my electric, and payments to the tax
Question: If I have $1000 to invest in penny stocks online, should I diversify risk and invest in many of them or should I invest in just in one? Answer:
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: CashBase has a web app, an iPhone app and an Android app, all sync'ed up. It doesn't integrate
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I can only share with you my happened with my wife and I. First, and foremost, if you think you
Question: Mortgage company withholding insurance proceeds Answer: My question is, how do you rebuild a home, without the money to rebuild the home? I ignorantly thought that was why we
Question: What are frontier markets? Is investing in them a good idea? Answer: From Wikipedia A frontier market is a type of developing country which is more developed than the
Question: What does F[YY]e mean in reporting Answer: that means fiscal year 2015,Most internal company in China or India have different fiscal year to estimate financial state when it run
Question: How to do thorough research into a company to better understand whether to buy stock? Answer: So, first -- good job on making a thorough checklist of things to
Question: Is there a list of OTC stocks being added to the major exchanges? Answer: Reuters has a service you can subscribe to that will give you lots of Financial
Question: Will a small investment in a company net a worthwhile gain? Answer: If the shares rise in value 50% over the next few years, you will have the same
Question: Why some things are traded in an exchange while others are traded OTC Answer: All securities must be registered with the SEC. Securities are defined as (1) The term
Question: What will happen when a bid price is higher than an ask price? Answer: The situation you're proposing is an over-simplification that wouldn't occur in practice. Orders occur in
Question: Comparison between buying a stock and selling a naked put Answer: Option prices are computed by determining the cost of obtaining the option returns using a strategy that trades
Question: Why is a stock dividend considered a dividend? What makes it different from a stock split? Answer: A stock dividend converts some of the reserves and surplus on the
Question: How to get started with the stock market? [duplicate] Answer: You can try paper trading to sharpen your investing skills(identifying stocks to invest, how much money to allocate and
Question: Why would analysts recommend buying companies with negative net income? Answer: Most likely because they don't know what they're talking about. They all have a belief without evidence that
Question: Is this trick enough to totally prevent bankrupcy in a case of a crash? Answer: Your strategy fails to control risk. Your "inversed crash" is called a rally. And
Question: Is This Money Laundering? Answer: This is price-setting algorithms running amok. From the page you link, follow the '2 new from $49,991.11' link and you will see that (at
Question: Why is the bid-ask spread considered a cost? Answer: Your assets are marked to market. If you buy at X, and the market is bidding at 99.9% * X
Question: Is it possible to take advantage of exceptions to early withdrawal penalties on a 401(k)? Answer: Most companies put the company match in your account each paycheck, but your
Question: What does a well diversified self-managed investment portfolio look like? Answer: When you invest in a single index/security, you are completely exposed to the risk of that security. Diversification
Question: Why can it be a bad idea to buy stocks after hours? Answer: There are several reasons it is not recommended to trade stocks pre- or post-market, meaning outside
Question: Cannot get a mortgage because I work through a recruiter Answer: To a mortgage lender, it appears that you have a temporary contract (perhaps extending for nine more months)
Question: Why is the price of my investment only updated once per day? Answer: There is no fundamental, good reason, I think; "that's just how it's done" (which is what
Question: Where do countries / national governments borrow money from? Answer: Depends on the country, whether its a currency issuer with floating exchange rate, and what the debt is denominated
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: Term life insurance for a healthy 30 year old is a
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: Precious metals also tend to do well during times of panic. You could invest
Question: How to work around the Owner Occupancy Affidavit to buy another home in less than a year? Answer: Look into the definition of "primary residence" for your jurisdiction(s). In
Question: Sell your home and invest in growth stock mutual fund Answer: It wouldn't surprise me to see a country's return to show Inflation + 2-4%, on average. The members
Question: Help: Being charged interest on a loan for which I received no statements telling me of this debt for the past 15 years. Surprise! Answer: This sounds like a
Question: How does the US Estate Tax affect an Australian with investments domiciled in the US? Answer: I don't think the location of the funds is any of your concern.
Question: Long term investment for money Answer: I recommend you two things: I like these investments because they are not high risk. I hope this helps.
Question: Has anyone created a documentary about folks who fail to save enough for retirement? Answer: Since your question was first posted, I happened to watch PBS FRONTLINE's The Retirement
Question: How can I have credit cards without having a credit history or credit score? Answer: That is an opinion. I don't think so. Here are some differences: If you
Question: Stock Trade Transaction Fee - at what point is it worth it Answer: The main question is, how much money you want to make? With every transaction, you should
Question: Are index-tracking ETF popular in Japan? Answer: The Japanese stock market offers a wide selection of popular ETFs tracking the various indices and sub-indices of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Question: How do auto-loan payments factor into taxes for cars that are solely used by dependent(s)? Answer: It only matters for purposes of the dependent, so if you are clearly
Question: When can you use existing real estate as collateral to buy more? Answer: It would be good to know which country you are in? You are basically on the
Question: A debt collector will not allow me to pay a debt, what steps should I take? Answer: You say your primary goal is to clean up your credit report,
Question: How does a 2 year treasury note work? Answer: There is a large market where notes/bills/bonds are traded, so yes you can sell them later. However, if interest rates
Question: Company asking for card details to refund over email Answer: Personally, I would just dispute this one with your CC. I had a situation where a subscription I had
Question: Can zero-coupon bonds go down in price? Answer: Of course it can. This is a time value of money calculation. If I knew the maturity date, or current yield
Question: Is investing in housing considered an adequate hedge against inflation? Answer: Becoming a landlord is a pretty roundabout way to hedge against inflation. Why don't you research TIPs (Treasury
Question: Why I cannot buy at ask price? Answer: The price is moving higher so by the time you enter your order and press buy, a new buyer has already
Question: Do money markets fluctuate during market crashes? Answer: As the commenters have already indicated, money market mutual funds are not guaranteed to maintain principal during all market conditions, and
Question: How can I find stocks with very active options chains? Answer: Agree with some of the posts above - Barchart is a good source for finding unusual options activity
Question: Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year? Answer: My grandfather owned a small business, and I asked him that very question. His answer was
Question: Anticipating being offered stock options in a privately held company upon employment. What questions should I ask? Answer: I've had stock options at two different jobs. If you are
Question: Money market account for emergency savings Answer: Most emergencies are less than 1,000 in nature. As such I would keep at least that amount in a checking/savings account at
Question: Is there any way to know how much new money the US is printing? Answer: The Federal Reserve is not the only way that money can be "printed." Every
Question: If I'm cash-flow negative, should I dollar-cost-average the money from my bonus over the entire year? Answer: Essentially, your question is "lump sum vs DCA" and your tags reflect
Question: How to calculate years until financial independence? Answer: In this equation the withdrawal rate is the percent you must pull from your savings to meet your expenses. For example
Question: How do "held" amounts appear on statements and affect balances of traditional credit cards? Answer: The "hold" is just placeholder that prevents you from overspending until the transaction is
Question: How do I screen for stocks that are near to their 52 weeks low Answer: The screener at FinViz.com will let you screen for stocks at their 52-week low.
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: Here is my simplified take: In any given market portfolio the market index will return the average return on
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: The question should be - do you need a debit card? Other than American
Question: What is a good 5-year plan for a college student with $15k in the bank? Answer: First thing to do right now, is to see if there's somewhere equally
Question: What is a W-8 form, and how should I fill it in? Answer: The IRS W-8BEN form (PDF link), titled "Certificate of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United
Question: How to find out the amount of preferred stock of Coca Cola Company? Answer: Coca Cola doesn't seem to have any preferred shares outstanding. From the annual report, it
Question: Under what circumstance will the IRS charge you a late-payment penalty for taxes? Answer: In practice the IRS seems to apply the late payment penalty when they issue a
Question: Do I have to repay the First-Time Homebuyers tax credit if I refinance? Answer: No. As long as you live in the house for 3 years, it's yours to
Question: Work on the side for my wife's company Answer: My understanding (I am not a lawyer or tax expert) is that you are not allowed to work for free,
Question: What happens if I intentionally throw out a paycheck? Answer: In a nutshell, throwing your taxable income in the trash does not remove it from your taxable income; you
Question: I have a horrible 401k plan, with high expenses. Should I stay with it or move my money elsewhere? Answer: As to the rollover question. Only rollover to a
Question: What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly? Answer: The financial reasons, beyond simply owning your home outright, are: You're no longer paying interest. Yes, the interest
Question: Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there? Answer: Most people cannot use pgp/gpg and setting it
Question: Should a retail trader bother about reading SEC filings Answer: There are many different kinds of SEC filings with different purposes. Broadly speaking, what they have in common is
Question: Is interest on a personal loan tax deductible? Answer: When you pay interest on a loan used to fund a legitimate investment or business activity, that interest becomes an
Question: Is there any circumstance in which it is necessary to mark extra payments on a loan as going to "principal and not interest"? Answer: I would always presume that
Question: Are there capital gains taxes or dividend taxes if I invest in the U.S. stock market from outside of the country? Answer: I believe that tax will be withheld
Question: My landlord is being foreclosed on. Should I confront him? Answer: Verbal agreements are not legally binding. Unless you have signed a new lease agreement, you are not obligated
Question: Need a loan to buy property in India. What are my options? Answer: There are P2P lending sites like prosper.com and lendingclub.com (both have 35K limit) where you can
Question: How can I tell what is "real" Motley Fool advice? Answer: These advertisements try to take advantage of the short term memory loss of older people. If you keep
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: Not so much a scam, if you fill
Question: Does negative P/E ratio mean stock is weak? Answer: P/E is the number of years it would take for the company to earn its share price. You take share
Question: Is business the only way to become a millionaire? Answer: Not at all. The Millionaire Next Door offers a book full of anecdotes on couples that earned money and
Question: How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? Answer: For me there are two issues. So, what to do? You have the basics of a very strong position
Question: Do I have to repay the First-Time Homebuyers tax credit if I refinance? Answer: The Homebuyers Tax Credit was unrelated to whether or not a mortgage was part of
Question: Clarification of Inflation according to Forbes Answer: I think you're missing Simon Moore's point. His point is that, due to low inflation, the returns on almost all asset classes
Question: Quickbooks custom field for computing a value Answer: Custom fields are limited to non-calculated values. Read more here: http://qbblog.ccrsoftware.info/2008/07/custom-fields-in-quickbooks/ To do this you will need an add-on. I would
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: I'm still recommending that you go to a professional. However, I'm going to talk about what you should probably expect the
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: Typically, no. Unless you have
Question: Why buy bonds in a no-arbitrage market? Answer: For safety. If something catastrophic happens to your bank and your money is in there you will lose any not covered
Question: Where I can find the exact time when a certain company's stock will be available in the secondary market? Answer: Very often, the word secondary market is used synonymously
Question: When following a buy and hold investment strategy, on what conditions should one sell? Answer: You talk about an individual not being advised to sell (or purchase) in response
Question: Auto insurance on new car Answer: $600 a month is high, but may be the best you can do. When I moved from UK to Canada my first insurance
Question: Avoid Capital Gains on Rental Answer: While it may not be your preferred outcome, and doesn't eliminate the income, in the event you find yourself in the path described
Question: Lease vs buy car with cash? Answer: If you are talking straight dollars then leasing is always a losing proposition when compared with purchasing. The financial workings of leasing
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: First, I don't think your parents are ripping
Question: Can I use balance transfer to buy car? Answer: You do not say what country you are in. This is an answer for readers in the UK. Most normal
Question: Why is mortgage interest deductible in the USA for a house you live in? Answer: Taxes are a tool for achieving social policy goals. While Americans consider "Socialism" to
Question: Will paying off my car early hinder my ability to build credit? Answer: Don't fuss about your credit score when you're paying 9%. Get rid of the loan as
Question: Why would refinancing my mortgage increase my PMI, even though rates are lower? Answer: The PMI rate is calculated at the time your mortgage is underwritten to be terminated
Question: Events that cause major movement in forex? Answer: Trading Speeches can be difficult, 1 comment can be bullish then next phrase bearish. However language algorithms can process the tone
Question: The U.S. National Debt: What is it, where did it come from, and how does it work? Answer: For political reasons, almost all governments (including the US) spend more
Question: Why does BlackRock's XIN page show XIN as having only 1 holding? Answer: EFA must be bought and sold in US dollars. XIN allows people to buy and sell
Question: What are the pros and cons of buying an item on installments with zero percent interest? Answer: One small advantage to paying ahead is having an outstanding installment plan
Question: How do top investors pull out 20% ROI? Answer: First of all, the annual returns are an average, there are probably some years where their return was several thousand
Question: What is the name of inverse of synergy? (finance) Answer: I'd probably call it an intangible or indirect benefit. Not sure what the trade term is.
Question: Payroll question Answer: Ask the company if they can make an adjustment for the next paycheck. If they can't then do the following: Increase the number of Federal exemptions
Question: Calculating required rate of return for an income-generating savings account Answer: Line one shows your 1M, a return with a given rate, and year end withdrawal starting at 25,000.
Question: When the market price for a stock is below a tender offer's price, is it free money (riskless) to buy shares & tender them? Answer: That price is the
Question: Do stock prices really go down by the amount of the dividend? Answer: Ex-Dividend Price Behavior of Common Stocks would be a study from the Federal Reserve Bank of
Question: Dry cleaners lost $160 pants, what should I do? Answer: Dude, it's your lucky day! You just won the lottery!! Do like this guy and sue them for $67
Question: That "write your own mortgage" thing; how to learn about it Answer: If an entity or individual has full rights to the land and land improvements, they can hold,
Question: Should I move my money market funds into bonds? Answer: Your only real alternative is something like T-Bills via your broker or TreasuryDirect or short-term bond funds like the
Question: How late is Roth (rather than pretax) still likely to help? Answer: My simplest approach is to suggest that people go Roth when in the 15% bracket, and use
Question: Buy securities at another stock exchange Answer: Also important to keep in mind is the difference in liquidity. The stock could be very liquid in 1 exchange but not
Question: What percentage of my company should I have if I only put money? Answer: Question (which you need to ask yourself): How well are your friends paid for their
Question: Physical Checks - Mailing Answer: You can try writing on the back of the check, in the signature area, "For deposit only to account xxxxxxxxx", leaving room for the
Question: Can dividends be exploited? Answer: No, the dividends can't be exploited like that. Dividends settlement are tied to an ex-dividend date. The ex-dividend, is the day that allows you
Question: Filing personal with 1099s versus business s-corp? Answer: Depends whom the 1099 was issued to. If it was issued to your corporation - then its your corporation's income, not
Question: Do banks give us interest even for the money that we only had briefly in our account? Answer: The other answers demonstrate that you'll receive a paltry amount of
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: The $3K includes property tax, right? It looks like the mortgage alone will be about $2150 or
Question: Can a CEO short his own company? Answer: (yes, this should probably be a comment, not an answer ... but it's a bit long). I don't know what the
Question: Equity - date of offer, or date of joining? Answer: Options or Shares vest by date they are granted. It would strike me as odd for anyone to say
Question: Mutual fund value went down, shares went up, no action taken by me Answer: It is very likely that the fund paid out a dividend in the form of
Question: Query regarding international transaction between governments Answer: Buyer A didn't send money to the US government, Buyer A sent money to Seller B, a US resident. I think the
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: Check out the bulk stores like BJs, Sam's Club or whatever else is available to you. You can
Question: How to calculate PE ratios for indices such as DJIA? Answer: You could look up the P/E of an equivalent ETF, or break the ETF into components and look
Question: Income tax on my online drop-shipping business (India) Answer: I find that there are two violation of law , prima facie , if someone earns money by depositing in
Question: What purchases, not counting real estate, will help me increase my cash flow? Answer: Mutual funds can be relatively low risk and a good starting point. Really it depends
Question: Downside to temporarily lowering interest rates? Answer: it is possible that if you do not accept the offer, they will try offering you an even lower rate. if they
Question: Double-entry accounting: how to keep track of mortgage installments as expenses? Answer: Understandably, it appears as if one must construct the flows oneself because of the work involved to
Question: What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive? Answer: As one answer points out, people buying greeting cards care little about whether they cost 25 cents
Question: Is it better for a public company to increase its dividends, or institute a share buyback? Answer: In some sense, the share repurchasing program is better if the company
Question: Are precious metals/collectibles a viable emergency fund? Answer: If you were asking if you should buy silver for an emergency fund, I'd say no. But, you already have it...
Question: Double-entry accounting: how to keep track of mortgage installments as expenses? Answer: Because a paying down a liability and thus gaining asset equity is not technically an expense, GnuCash
Question: How do top investors pull out 20% ROI? Answer: That is absolute rubbish. Warren Buffet follows simple value and GARP tenants that literally anyone could follow if they had
Question: Dad paying for my new home in cash. How can I buy the house from him? Answer: we have little money in cash for a down-payment This is a
Question: Why do stocks track the price of Oil? Answer: Anthony Russell - I agree with JohnFx. Petroleum is used in making many things such as asphalt, road oil, plastic,
Question: How can I invest in an index fund but screen out (remove) certain categories of socially irresponsible investments? Answer: You could certainly look at the holdings of index funds
Question: Moonlighting as a software developer: employee or independent contractor w/ LLC? Answer: I've been in a similar situation before. While contracting, sometimes the recruiting agency would allow me to
Question: When would one actually want to use a market order instead of a limit order? Answer: After learning about things that happened in the "flash crash" I always use
Question: Query regarding international transaction between governments Answer: For the US government, they've just credited Person B with a Million USD and haven't gained anything (afterall, those digits are intangible
Question: May I Invest as a non accredited investor? Answer: Does me holding stock in the company make me an accredited investor with this company in particular? No. But maybe
Question: Long term investing alternative to mutual funds Answer: You are not limited in these 3 choices. You can also invest in ETFs, which are similar to mutual funds, but
Question: S&P is consistently beating inflation? Answer: Inflation and stock returns are completely different things The CPI tracks the changes in the prices of a basket of goods a consumer
Question: What to sell when your financial needs change, stocks or bonds? Answer: You are right about the stock and index funds, with dollar cost averaging over several years, the
Question: What is the point of owning a stock without dividends if it cannot be resold? Answer: If that condition is permanent -- the stock will NEVER pay dividends and
Question: How much will a stock be worth after a merger? Answer: For the first and last questions, I can do this multiple ways. For the middle question, I'll just
Question: How to invest in stocks without using an intermediary like a broker? Can shares be bought direct? Answer: Yes! What you are describing is an "off-exchange" trade and can
Question: How can I buy shares of oil? I'm told it's done through ETFs. How's that related to oil prices per barrel? Answer: The papers you would need to buy
Question: Currency exchange problem Answer: For the purposes of report generation, I would recommend that you present the data in the currency of the user's home country. You could present
Question: Reinvesting dividends and capital gains Answer: First, do you get charged a commission or other fee for reinvesting? Second, why would capital gains and dividends be grouped together? If
Question: Why does money value normally decrease? Answer: You get paid interest on deposits because banks only keep a fraction of the deposits on-hand. The rest is put to other
Question: At tax time, what is the proper way to report cryptocurrency earnings and fiat income when you've started with "nothing"? Answer: In 2014 the IRS announced that it published
Question: When does Ontario's HST come into effect? Answer: (community wiki) Ontario special HST sales tax transition rebate cheques: When and how much? What will happen to quarterly GST cheques
Question: How do you choose which mortgage structure is appropriate when buying a home? Answer: Go for 15 years loan - Lower interest rate over 2-5 years period. If you
Question: Does a failed chargeback affect my credit score? Answer: I think your confusion comes from the negative impact when a creditor writes off your bad credit and ceases attempting
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: I would advise against "wasting" this rare opportunity on mundane things, like by paying off debts or buying
Question: How does start-up equity end up paying off? Answer: In the real world, there are only two times you'll see that 5% become worth anything - ie, something you
Question: Starting with Stocks or Forex? Answer: This is an old post I feel requires some more love for completeness. Though several responses have mentioned the inherent risks that currency
Question: Use of free and clear houses as Collateral Answer: Any sensible lender will require a lean lien against your formerly-free-and-clear property, and will likely require an appraisal of the
Question: How to calculate tax amounts withheld on mixed pre-tax and Roth 401(k) contributions, and match? Answer: Its easier than that: employer matching contributions are always pre-tax. While your contribution
Question: How can I borrow in order to improve a home I just bought? Answer: Be careful that pride is not getting in the way of making a good decision.
Question: Tax for Basket with Coupon containing two different VAT rates Answer: The vendor needs to do this using apportionment, according to the VAT rules for mixed supplies: If you
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: I'd like to know if there is any reliable research on the subject. Intuitively, this must
Question: Should I fund retirement with a static asset allocation or an age based glide path? Answer: So I did some queries on Google Scholar, and the term of art
Question: ETFs are a type of mutual fund, correct? Answer: For a non-ETF mutual fund, you can only buy shares of the mutual fund from the mutual fund itself (at
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: I wish I would have known macro-economics taught by the Austrian School
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: Most 0% interest loans have quite high interest rates that are deferred. If you are late
Question: Why does FlagStar Bank harass you about payments within grace period? Answer: All standard mortgage promissory notes mandate payments are due on the first of every month; I can
Question: What are the tax liabilities for an international transaction? Answer: After a bit of rooting around the HMRC sites, I found this page which says this: One key difference
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: Do some homework to determine what is really a fair price for the house. Zillow helps. County tax records help,
Question: Ways to trade the Euro debt crisis Answer: Short the Pound and other English financial items. Because the English economy is tied to the EU, it will be hit
Question: Choosing the limit when making a limit order? Answer: There are a couple of things you could do, but it may depend partly on the type of orders your
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: There is no issue whatsoever, getting a mortgage this way as an unmarried
Question: How do you calculate the rate of return (ROR) when buying and selling put options? Answer: Rate of return is (Current value - initial value) divided by initial value.
Question: What is the different between 2 :1 split and 1:1 split Answer: The 1 for 1 split could be the case where a company is being split into two
Question: Is there any reason not to buy points when re-financing with intent not to sell for a while? Answer: The math is pretty simple. You can spend less overall
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: 100% scam. This is classic of mixing real (Exxon)
Question: What's the point of a chargeback when they just ask the merchant whether they owe money to the buyer? Answer: So, what's the point of a charge-back, if they
Question: Assessed value of my house Answer: It is very simple. You bought the house when prices were near their peak in 2008. Housing prices have dropped considerably since then
Question: Debit cards as bad as credit cards? Answer: Using cash instead of a debit card lets you see in real time how much cash you have left and where
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: I think you're looking at
Question: Could someone explain this scenario about Google's involvement in the wireless spectrum auction? Answer: If history is any guide, Pages idealistic impulses could result in a vaster, more sprawling
Question: Understanding the T + 3 settlement days rule Answer: For margin, it is correct that these rules do not apply. The real problem becomes day trading funding when one
Question: Bed and Breakfast, Same Day Capital Gains UK Answer: The 'same day rule' in the UK is a rule for matching purposes only. It says that sales on any
Question: Will an ETF increase in price if an underlying stock increases in price Answer: Since the market is in general rather efficient, the price of the ETF will most
Question: Totally new to finance, economy, where should I start? Answer: I'm going to be a bit off topic and recommend 'The Only Investment Book You'll Ever Need' by Andrew
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: I'm going to be buying a house / car / home theater
Question: Can the risk of investing in an asset be different for different investors? Answer: Capping the upside while playing with unlimited downside is a less disciplined investment strategy vis-a-vis
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: I probably don't understand something. I think you are correct about that. :) The main way money enters the
Question: Is there a "reverse wash sale" rule? Answer: Yes, the newly bought shares will have a long-term holding period, regardless of when you sell them. In addition, it's only
Question: What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out? Answer: The market is not stupid. It realises that a
Question: How can a freelancer get a credit card? (India) Answer: I don't know about India, but here in the US banks, and more friendly institutions such as credit unions,
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: While tax deferral is a nice feature, the 401k is not the Holy Grail. I've seen plenty of 401k's
Question: What are futures and how are they different from options? Answer: Cart's answer is basically correct, but I'd like to elaborate: A futures contract obligates both the buyer of
Question: How to model fees from trades on online platforms? Answer: where A1 is the number of trades. you may have to change the number 100 to 99 depending on
Question: Expiring 401(k) Stock Option and Liquidation Implications Answer: Is the parent company's common stock public? If not, then there will be absolutely no pressure from everyone liquidating at the
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: I did my own taxes previously using both H&R Block Tax Cut and TurboTax. When I
Question: For net worth, should I value physical property at my cost to replace it, or the amount I could get for selling it? Answer: My opinion: including the value
Question: Townhouse or stand-alone house for a first home? Answer: First, some general advice that I think you should consider A good rule of thumb on home buying is to
Question: I am trying to start a "hedge fund," and by that, I really just mean I have a very specific and somewhat simple investment thesis that I want to
Question: What is a typical investment portfolio made up of? Answer: Most people carry a diversity of stock, bond, and commodities in their portfolio. The ratio and types of these
Question: Why is it rational to pay out a dividend? Answer: Paying out dividends and financing new projects with debt also lessens the agency problem. The consequences of a failed
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: GnuCashGreat for the meticulous who want to know every detail of their finances. Pros: Cons:
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: First of all, insurance never covers the cost of the item, it is almost always a partial payout at best. For example, a typical house
Question: Moving 401k balance into self-directed IRA Answer: Your question asks "how" but "if" may be your issue. Most companies will not permit an external transfer while still employed, or
Question: Can a retail trader do bid-ask spread scalping through algo-trading? Answer: In US public stock markets there is no difference between the actions individual retail traders are "permitted" to
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: A CPA or Enrolled Agent can be helpful, especially if you have a complicated situation such
Question: Where should I park my money if I'm pessimistic about the economy and I think there will be high inflation? Answer: If you think your cash will buy fewer
Question: How to calculate Stamp duty of North Territory in Australia? Answer: The formula is actually as follows: (0.06571441 * V^2) + 15 * V, where V is the value
Question: Selling Stock - All or Nothing? Answer: Set a good till cancel GTC order, and partial fills will just roll over to the market session if it doesn't fill
Question: Freelancer in India working for Swiss Company Answer: As you are earning an income by working in India, you are required to pay tax in India. If you contract
Question: Do the nasdaq small cap stocks or penny stocks get promoted? Answer: Promotion of any stock should be treated with extreme suspicion, since the purpose is generally to make
Question: What is the best way to short the San Francisco real estate market? Answer: You could short home builders who do a lot of their business in Northern California.
Question: When the Reserve Bank determines the interest rates, do they take the house prices into account? Answer: I'm not intimately familiar with the situation in Australia, but in the
Question: Ways to trade the Euro debt crisis Answer: The way I am trading this is: I am long the USD / EUR in cash. I also hold USD /
Question: Conservative ways to save for retirement? Answer: Dividend reinvestment plans are a great option for some of your savings. By making small, regular investments, combined with reinvested dividends, you
Question: Relative Strength Index: Yahoo vs Google Finance Answer: Google's RSI is using a 10 period on 2 minute bars - i.e. it is based upon the last 20 minutes
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: IMO it's usually not worth it and here's why. There's a statistical distribution of how likely a
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: This is going to be a list of some things that will likely be of value immediately after some
Question: Is there a formula to use to analyse whether an investment property is a good investment? Answer: When you invest in a property, you pay money to purchase the
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: I found the best way to do this was to make a spending plan at the beginning of
Question: After consulting HR Block, are you actually obligated to file your taxes with them, if they've found ways to save you money? Answer: It sounds like they want to
Question: Townhouse or stand-alone house for a first home? Answer: Houses tend to appreciate more than condos. Houses are also more expensive. So it's a choice. You mention your girlfriend
Question: If a put seller closes early, what happens to the buyer? Answer: The original option writer (seller) can close his short position in the contracts he wrote by purchasing
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: Guns. Without them, any other conceivable asset would be taken from you. By someone with guns.
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Investors are typically a part of the board of directors of the
Question: How can small children contribute to the "family economy"? Answer: Another suggestion I heard on the radio was to give the child the difference between the name brand they
Question: Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage? Answer: The statistic you cited comes from the Federal Reserve Board's Survey of Consumer Finances, a survey that they
Question: Can I withdraw from my Roth IRA retirement account to fund a startup? Answer: Yes, it is possible to withdraw money from your Roth IRA before retirement (but I
Question: Specifically when do options expire? Answer: Here is the answer from my brokerage: Regular equity monthly options expire on the 3rd Friday of every month. The last time to
Question: Do ETF dividends make up for fees? Answer: Any ETF has expenses, including fees, and those are taken out of the assets of the fund as spelled out in
Question: How can I find a list of all North American ETF's including symbols? Answer: You can use www.etfdb.com and search on geography.
Question: Dealing with event driven market volatility Answer: If you are worried about an increase in volatility, then go long volatility. Volatility itself can be traded. Here in the US
Question: Mitigate Effects Of Credit With Tangible Money Answer: Right now you are standing at a fork in the road. If I could tell my younger self who blasted past
Question: Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months? Answer: Pay them off immediately. But, as I note in my article Too Little Debt?,
Question: What is your effective tax rate if you work from home in Montreal for a company in Toronto? Answer: Assuming that you don't own the business, it would seem
Question: Given advice "buy term insurance and invest the rest", how should one "invest the rest"? Answer: The simplest way is to invest in a few ETFs, depending on your
Question: How can I find if I can buy shares of a specific company? Answer: Hmm... Well there are several ways to do that: Go to any bank (or at
Question: Taxable Website Ad Revenue Answer: I'm not a tax advisor, but I've done freelance work, so... If any of your side-business revenue is reported on a 1099, you're now
Question: Should I buy ~$2200 of a hot stock or invest elsewhere? Answer: Forget investing, you need to focus on managing your debt. I would keep the 6k in a
Question: How to measure how the Australian dollar is faring independent of the US dollar Answer: If you're interested in slower scale changes, one option is to use indexes that
Question: If I were to get into a life situation where I would not be able to make regular payments, do lenders typically provide options other than default? Answer: The
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: This person could buy another car at any moment without any money problems,
Question: Selling non-dividend for dividend stocks Answer: Is selling Vested RSU is the same as selling a regular stock? Yes. Your basis (to calculate the gain) is what you've been
Question: Why do some companies offer 401k retirement plans? Answer: Let me add another consideration to the company's side of the equation. Not only is a 401K a tool for
Question: Issuing bonds at discount - computing effective interest rate Answer: If the market rate and coupon were equal, the bond would be valued at face value, by definition. (Not
Question: Why do some people go through contortions to avoid paying taxes, yet spend money on expensive financial advice, high-interest loans, etc? Answer: To some extent, I suppose, most people
Question: Whether to prepay mortgage or invest in stocks Answer: I strongly doubt your numbers, but lets switch the question around anyway. Would you borrow 10k on your house to
Question: Saving up for an expensive car Answer: Any way you look at it, this is a terrible idea. Cars lose value. They are a disposable item that gets used
Question: Oil Price forcasting Answer: In layman's terms, oil on the commodities market has a "spot price" and a "future price". The spot price is what the last guy paid
Question: How can a credit card company make any money off me? I have a no-fee card and pay my balance on time Answer: Ever wonder why certain businesses won't
Question: Why do non-electronic stock exchanges (with floor traders) still exist? Answer: Non-electronic stock exchanges still exist because they used to exist. There are a lot of people in trading
Question: Alternatives to Intuit's PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment? Answer: An old question... but the recent answer for me turned out to be Check (formerly Pageonce)
Question: Is it wise to have plenty of current accounts in different banks? Answer: Another thing to factor in are deals provided by banks. In general, banks care about new
Question: How do I know if refinance is beneficial enough to me? Answer: When evaluating a refinance, you need to figure out the payback time. Refinancing costs money in closing
Question: Automatic investments for cheap Answer: Previously (prior to Capital One acquisition -- it's kind of like K-Mart buying Sears) Sharebuilder offered 12 automatic (i.e. pre-scheduled) stock purchases per month
Question: Short-term robots and long-term investors in the stock market Answer: Consider the price history to be the sum of short term movements and long term movements. If you hold
Question: Credit History and Outstanding Debts in Hungary Answer: It appears all you have to do is submit a form. It might be better if she submitted it herself instead
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: Someone mentioned sign up bonuses but only mentioned dollar values. You might get points, sweet, sweet airline
Question: If I believe a stock is going to fall, what options do I have to invest on this? Answer: Shorting Stocks: Borrowing the shares to sell now. Then buying
Question: Can extra mortgage payments be made to lower the monthly payment amount? Answer: That's tricky. Typically you lock in the minimum monthly payment when you close the loan. You
Question: How to divide a mortgage and living area fairly? Answer: I suggest that you first decide on what %'s of the home value you each have a legal claim
Question: In Canada, how much money can I gift a friend or family member without them being taxed on it? Answer: When you give a gift to another person or
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: Why must terms must be mutually exclusive? This (false) dichotomy is what seems to cause the most debate. It is
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: You can perfectly well manage their wealth without transferring their money into your account first. Just make them
Question: What is meant by the term "representative stock list" here? Answer: The meaning is quite literal - a representative stock list is a list of stocks that would reasonably
Question: Why does Warren Buffett say his fund performance, relatively, is likely to be better in a bear market than in a bull market? Answer: Buffett is a value investor.
Question: Capital Gains and Tax Brackets Answer: It will definitely be added to your AGI, but not necessarily bump your ordinary income tax bracket. You will have to use the
Question: Are there any disadvantages of Progress Draw Mortgage? Answer: Presumably, the inverse of the advantages? You are guaranteed the interest rate that is written on your mortgage commitment as
Question: When Employees are "Granted" Stock Options, is the Company encouraging Long-Term investments from them? Answer: There are two things to consider: taxes - beneficial treatment for long-term holding, and
Question: Is my wash sale being calculated incorrectly? Answer: Strangely enough, you have a wash sale, but, for the fact that you sold the shares and then more than 30
Question: Is it possible to see option prices from the past? Answer: Yes, past option prices are available for many options, but as far as I know not for free.
Question: Efficient markets hypothesis and performance of IPO shares after lock-up period Answer: Who's to say it wasn't priced into the markets, at least to some degree? Without any information
Question: International (ex-US) ETFs with low exposure to financial sector? Answer: Another European financial ETF that you could sell short is the iShares MSCI Europe Financials Sector Index Fund (EUFN).
Question: Comparing IRA vs 401K's rate-of-return with dollar cost averaging Answer: Google Docs spreadsheets have a function for filling in stock and fund prices. You can use that data to
Question: Is it practical to take actual delivery on a futures contract, and what is the process? Answer: Not all futures contracts are deliverable. Some futures are specified as cash
Question: What home improvements are tax deductible? Answer: On a personal income tax return home improvements are generally not deductible on a federal level. There might be some exceptions made
Question: Organizing Expenses/Income/Personal Finance Documents (Paperless Office) Answer: If it was me, I would organize something along these lines. in large part because down the road when it comes time
Question: Refinancing a vehicle, longer term with extra in the kitty, or shorter term and just make scheduled payment? Answer: Refinancing a car for anything other than lowering the rate
Question: First time consultant, doubts on Taxation Answer: This is how a consulting engagement in India works. If you are registered for Service Tax and have a service tax number,
Question: Pros/cons of replicating a "fund of funds" with its component funds in my IRA? Answer: Mostly you nailed it. It's a good question, and the points you raise are
Question: Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car? Answer: It sounds like you're basing your understanding of your options regarding financing (and even
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: The person holding the majority of shares can influence the decisions of
Question: Starting a new job. Help me with retirement/debt planning please! Answer: Your initial plan (of minimizing your interest rate, and taking advantage of the 401(k) match) makes sense, except
Question: Does an option trading below parity always indicate an arbitrage opportunity? Answer: In the equity world, if a stock trades at 110 and is going to pay a dividend
Question: Buying a car and learning to drive versus paying up study loans Answer: Welcome to Money.SE. It appears there's public transportation to get you to work? And the area
Question: What is a normal amount of money to spend per week on food/entertainment/clothing? Answer: I'll start with a question... Is the 63K before or after taxes? The short answer
Question: How to find out the amount of preferred stock of Coca Cola Company? Answer: They were issued in 1919 and eliminated in 1926. This means that Coca-Cola redeemed them
Question: Taxable Website Ad Revenue Answer: If the $5000 is income, then you need to pay income taxes on it. That's simply the way it works. Hourly rate has nothing
Question: Is buying or selling goods for gold or silver considered taxable? Answer: This isn't new. Even before silver hit $50 in 1980, silver coins were worth 3-4X face value
Question: If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Question: Suitable Vanguard funds for a short-term goal (1-2 years) Answer: If you want to invest in the stock market, whether over a shorter period of 1 to 2 years
Question: What to sell when your financial needs change, stocks or bonds? Answer: You have to understand what risk is and how much risk you want to take on, and
Question: Rent home temporarily with new owner occupied loan Answer: I'm assuming this is the US. Is this illegal? Are we likely to be caught? What could happen if caught?
Question: What is a decent rate of return for investing in the markets? Answer: Don't ever, ever, ever let someone else handle your money, unless you want somebody else have
Question: Are there any rules against penalizing consumers for requesting accurate credit reporting? Answer: The Fair Credit Reporting Act specifies in some detail on pages 50-54 (as labeled in the
Question: Historical stock prices: Where to find free / low cost data for offline analysis? Answer: You may refer to project http://jstock.sourceforge.net. It is open source and released under GPL.
Question: Advice for a college student interested in investment opportunities. Answer: Over a period of time most mutual funds do not perform better that an index fund. Picking and buying
Question: Why would a person not want to purchase a Personal Liability (Umbrella) insurance policy? Answer: The two questions inherent in any decision to purchase an insurance plan is, "how
Question: Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe? Answer: Banks in general will keep saving rates as low as possible especially if there is
Question: What is the ticker symbol for "Vanguard Target Retirement 2045 Trust Plus"? Answer: Use VTIVX. The "Target Retirement 2045" and "Target Retirement 2045 Trust Plus" are the same underlying
Question: Which market orders to meet this recommendation : 'Take a position on the purchase of the fooBar share, protect your capital by placing a stop' Answer: You would place
Question: When a stock price rises, does the company get more money? Answer: Not directly. But companies benefit in various ways from a higher stock price. One way a high
Question: Investing in USD from the Eurozone (Jan 2015) Answer: No, this is not solid advice. It's a prediction with very little factual basis, since US interest rates are kept
Question: How come the government can value a home more than was paid for the house? Answer: Keep in mind, there are times that house is in such bad shape
Question: Who is the issuer in a derivative contract? Answer: While the issuer of the security such as a stock or bond not the short is responsible for the credit
Question: Possible Risks of Publicizing Personal Stock Portfolio Answer: I am considering making my investment history publicly available online What is the benefit you are looking for by doing this?
Question: Which type of investments to keep inside RRSP? Answer: Everything else can be held inside or outside your registered account depending on your investment or tax needs
Question: Is it worth investing in Index Fund, Bond Index Fund and Gold at the same time? Answer: Taking into account that you are in Cyprus, a Euro country, you
Question: What is the role of a manager in a passively managed index fund? Answer: There still is some buying and selling to do in a passively-managed fund. The stocks
Question: Should I buy a house because Mortgage rates are low Answer: There is a significant tie between housing prices and mortgage rates. As such, don't assume low mortgage rates
Question: Is there a limit on the dollar amount of a personal check? Answer: Because of the way checks are processed, you can't write a check for $100 million or
Question: Ask for credit decrease Answer: $500 should not have a massive impact on your credit. Why not at the beginning of each month buy a $500 prepaid Visa instead
Question: What part of buying a house would make my net worth go down? Answer: Buying a house can definitely make your net worth go down because there are expenses
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: you should invest in a range of stock market indexes. Ex : Dow jones, S&P500, Nasdaq and keep it there until
Question: Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? Answer: I made upwards of 3M from 200K by trading stocks, which I made from a
Question: How is income tax calculated in relation to selling used items? Answer: Yes. This income would be reported on schedule SE. Normally, you will not owe any tax if
Question: Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel? Answer: I already commented the best existing answers, however let me note a couple of other things. Some of my friends
Question: Is it true that Income Tax was created to finance troops for World War I? Answer: Income tax was seen as a way to exploit the revenues available from
Question: Importance of dividend yield when evaluating a stock? Answer: But I wish to know why the parameter is dividend/market price rather than just 'dividend'? What 'extra' info you can
Question: Do stock prices drop due to dividends? Answer: In the case of mutual funds, Net Asset Value (NAV) is the price used to buy and sell shares. NAV is
Question: Calculating the cost of waiting longer for money Answer: This looks correct to me, for simple interest. If you are dealing with compound interest, the formula would be: So,
Question: Why does capital gains tax apply to long term stock holdings? Answer: It's a matter of social policy. The government wants people to make long term investments because that
Question: What are some way to transfer money from Hong Kong to India on a monthly basis? Answer: Western Union, Money to India, Remit to India are some of the
Question: Do buyers of bond ETFs need to pay for accrued interest? Answer: No. Investors purchase ETFs' as they would any other stock, own it under the same circumstances as
Question: Does the low CAD positively or negatively impact Canadian Investors? Answer: At the time of writing, the Canadian dollar is worth roughly $0.75 U.S. Now, it's not possible for
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: What's the best strategy? Buy low and sell high. Now. A lot of people try to do
Question: Looking for a good source for Financial Statements Answer: If you're researching a publicly traded company in the USA, you can search the company filings with the SEC. Clicking
Question: Is there any evidence that "growth"-style indexes and growth ETFs outperform their respective base indexes? Answer: You are correct that over a short term there is no guarantee that
Question: Is there a way to tell how many stocks have been shorted? Answer: Generally the number of shares of a U.S. exchange-listed stock which have been shorted are tracked
Question: What are "equity assets"? Answer: If I hold a bond then I have a debt asset. If I hold physical silver then I have a commodity asset. If I
Question: Diversification reduces risk, but does this base on the assumption that expected return of each asset is always in proportion to its risk? Answer: If you are diversifying just
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: There are few things going on here: My advice would be: with 75k
Question: gnucash share fractions Answer: As BrenBarn stated, tracking fractional transactions beyond 8 decimal places makes no sense in the context of standard stock and mutual fund transactions. This is
Question: Is keeping old credit cards and opening new credit cards with high limits and never using an ideal way to boost credit scores? Answer: Your plan will work to
Question: Does lender care what I use the money for? Answer: When you borrow from a bank, there are secured loans, as with a mortgage, or unsecured lines of credit,
Question: Owning REIT vs owning real estate - which has a better hypothetical ROI? Answer: REIT is to property as Mutual Fund is to stock. In others words, a REIT
Question: Brief concept about price movement of a particular stock [duplicate] Answer: It depends completely on the current order book for that security. There is literally no telling how that
Question: What return are you getting on your money from paying down a mortgage on a rental property? Answer: There are a few ways to look at this question. Assumptions.
Question: In accounting and investment, what is the difference and relationship between balance and position Answer: an account balance is your total in the account. The word balance means "to
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: The most significant reason is that if the board of directors of
Question: Can I register for VAT to claim back VAT without selling VAT applicable goods? (UK) Answer: As far as I know any business can register for VAT regardless of
Question: Is there any emprical research done on 'adding to a loser' Answer: This is basically martingale, which there is a lot of research on. Basically in bets that have
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: There are some student loan repayment programs and the like where, if a raise would bump you past
Question: Is it ok to use a check without a pre-printed check number? Answer: For the clearing house, only the routing number and the check amount [which gets encoded before
Question: Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do? Answer: When you look at managed funds the expense ratios are always high. They have the expense of analyzing
Question: Strategy to pay off car loan before selling the car Answer: As far as ease of sale transaction goes you'll want to pay off the loan and have the
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: You raise a good point about the higher marginal rates for 401K but things will
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: Aside from the fact that there are massive problems with taxes, liability, fiduciary responsibility, and (assuming you're accepting
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: You know what? Pay cash, but ask for a discount. And
Question: Why are American-style options worth more than European-style options? Answer: According to the book of Hull, american and european calls on non-dividend paying stocks should have the same value.
Question: Why can it be a bad idea to buy stocks after hours? Answer: The sentiment is because between closing and opening a lot can happen, and between opening and
Question: How can I lookup the business associated with a FEIN? Answer: If it is Texas company, you can try doing a taxable entity search on the Texas Comptroller website.
Question: Understanding the symbols next to the Ticker Answer: I don't understand what the D, to the right of APPLE INC, means. This means the graph below is for the
Question: Incentive Stock Option (ISO) tax question - more specific this time Answer: Alternatively you could exercise 12000 shares for $36000 and immediately sell 7200 shares to recover your exercise
Question: What fees should I expect when buying and/or selling a house? Answer: Typical costs to buy might include: One piece of advice if you've never bought, fixing problems with
Question: On a debt collection agency's letter, what does "balance" refer to? Answer: Without more info to go on (such as a screenshot of the relevant portion of the statement
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: Since it's not tagged united-states, I'd like to offer a
Question: what's the difference between money raised in an ipo and its valuation? Answer: A company generally sells a portion of its ownership in an IPO, with existing investors retaining
Question: Advice for a college student interested in investment opportunities. Answer: Put it in a Vanguard fund with 80% VTI and 20% VXUS. That's what you'll let set for 10-15
Question: Most common types of financial scams an individual investor should beware of? Answer: Investing in a business can be daunting and risky, so it is not for everyone. The
Question: Can my broker lock my cash account if I try to use the money from a stock sale during the three-day settlement period? Answer: Brokerage firms must settle funds
Question: Can I pay into a Stocks & Shares LISA as well as a regular S&S ISA? Answer: Yes, this is fine: You can save up to 20,000 in one
Question: Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees? Answer: In addition to the other answers, consultants and contractors face a real risk (though admittedly small) of not
Question: What is the effect of options expiration on equity pricing? Answer: If the strike price closest to the underlying has high open interest, the options expiration is a bigger
Question: Is there such a thing as a deposit-only bank account? Answer: Legally, no one else can withdraw from your account. If you suspect the direct-deposit websites are making withdrawals,
Question: What does it really mean to buy a share? Answer: Ditto to MD-Tech, but from a more "philosophical" point of view: When you buy stock, you own it, just
Question: Where to start with personal finance? Answer: First of all, make sure you have all your credit cards paid in full -the compounding interests on those can zero out
Question: What does it mean for issuing corporations to "crank out expensive shares when markets are frothy  and issue debt when markets are cheap"? Answer: crank out expensive shares
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: Another way to decide would
Question: New or Used Car Advice for Recent College Grad Answer: 17.5 thousand miles/year is pretty high mileage. You could find an Accord or Civic of comparable age with much
Question: Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation Answer: Just a thought, but have you considered approaching your sister about assuming the student loans or repaying your mother (even if
Question: Do I have to explain the source of *all* income on my taxes? Answer: This is a case where you sit down with an advisor or two. There are
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: I would go see a Lawyer no matter
Question: What kinds of information do financial workers typically check on a daily basis? Answer: I think it depends where you live in the world, but I guess the most
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: I found out there is something called CDARS that allows a person
Question: How much house can I afford, waiting around 3 years or so Answer: On $4K/mo gross about $1000/mo can go to the mortgage, and at today's rates, that's about
Question: If I invest in a company that goes bankrupt, is that a gain or a loss? Answer: I'll give the credit to @Quid in the comments section of the
Question: Is debt almost always the cause of crashes and recessions? Answer: The root cause can be said to always be a crisis in confidence. It may be due to
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: The other answers describe why this is highly likely to be a scam.
Question: On paper I have 1 share in my company. How can I sell a smaller percentage of my company to another party? Answer: You actually have a few options.
Question: Why is routing number called ABA/ABN number? Answer: The ABA number you speak of is more accurately called the Routing Transit Number. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Routing_transit_number A routing transit number (RTN) is
Question: How do I keep an S-Corporation open when it has no revenues Answer: If you have no net income or loss, you can usually get away without filing a
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: Echoing that bank fees are mostly "because they can", although partly this is because simply holding onto the
Question: Changes in Capital Gains Tax in the US - Going to 20% in 2011? Answer: The top long-term capital gains tax rate will rise to 20% effective 1 Jan,
Question: The doctor didn't charge the health insurance in time, am I liable? Answer: That is your bill because the services were performed for you. You still can negotiate with
Question: How to take advantage of record high household debt in Canada? Answer: Some ideas:
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: There isn't going to be one right answer, but LessWrong has some
Question: Why would someone want to buy an option on the day of expiry Answer: Yes there will be enough liquidity to sell your position barring some sort of Flash
Question: Borrowing money for a semi-urgent medical expense Answer: The best option would be to have the dental office allow you pay in installments. That would be probably the cheapest
Question: Why can't the government simply payoff everyone's mortgage to resolve the housing crisis? Answer: Interestingly, ancient Judaism and Christianity held a Jubilee year every 50 years in which all
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: I would recommend putting
Question: Accounting for currency depreciation Answer: Yes - it's called the rate of inflation. The rate of return over the rate of inflation is called the real rate of return.
Question: How can I help others plan their finances, without being a "conventional" financial planner? Answer: In the UK there is a non-profit called the Citizen's Advice Bureau which provides
Question: Corporate Finance Answer: Your company wants to raise $25,000,000 for a new project, but flotation costs are incurred by issuing securities (underwriting, legal fees, etc) First you must determine
Question: What is a checking account and how does it work? Answer: A savings account and a checking account (or a "demand" account, or a "transactional" account) have different regulations.
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: Congratulations for achieving an important step in the road to financial freedom. Some view
Question: How should I be contributing to my 401(k), traditional or Roth? Answer: I'm of the opinion that it doesn't matter much unless something in your life changes in retirement.
Question: How to evaluate an annuity Answer: Annuities are usually not good deals. Commissions to the salesman can be as high as 9% of the initial premium. They're not scams,
Question: How do third-party banks issue car loans? Answer: I have gotten a letter of credit from my credit union stating the maximum amount I can finance. Of course I
Question: Long term drip (dividend reinvestment plan) stock Answer: There are ETFs and mutual funds that pay dividends. Mutual funds and ETFs are quite similar. Your advisor is correct regarding
Question: Do Banks Cause Inflation? What are other possible causes? Answer: Some people believe that inflation is caused by an increase in the money supply when the banks engage in
Question: Investment for beginners in the United Kingdom Answer: I'm in the US as well, but some basic things are still the same. You need to trade through a broker,
Question: Why is mortgage interest deductible in the USA for a house you live in? Answer: Well quite a few countires have tax breaks on the first house you own
Question: What is the role of a manager in a passively managed index fund? Answer: There is trading, and while it can be automated, someone has to define the rules
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: Try this site for the funds http://www.socialinvest.org/resources/mfpc/ I'm not aware of any etfs. I'm sure some exist though.
Question: I'm currently unemployed and have been offered a contract position. Do I need to incorporate myself? How do I do it? Answer: I am co-owner of a business, and
Question: Why is the number of issued shares less than the number of outstanding shares Answer: I have been asking myself a similar question about the financial statements of Weyerhaeuser.
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: As someone who was just recently a salesman at Honda, I'd
Question: What is a subsidy? Answer: subsidy - financial support. For example subsidized housing - when the government pays a part of your rent (usually for low income families). or
Question: How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me? Answer: Accidents and tickets more than 3 years old generally won't affect you. I use an insurance
Question: Why would a company sell debt in order to buy back shares and/or pay dividends? Answer: I believe that article provides some good reasons, though it may be a
Question: How can I find a high-risk, high-reward investment that is not strongly correlated with the U.S. economy? Answer: These days almost all risky assets move together, so the most
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: Better in terms of what? less taxes paid? or more money to save for retirement? In terms of retirement, it would be better for you
Question: Can self-employed individuals deduct their mileage spent commuting to events? Answer: I looked at Publication 463 (2014), Travel, Entertainment, Gift, and Car Expenses for examples. I thought this was
Question: Costs around a modern crowd-sourced hedge fund Answer: Your inference in #1 is incorrect. The million dollars he has contributed is going to be part of the assets of
Question: How does investment into a private company work? Answer: Each company has X shares valued at $Y/share. When deals like "Dragon's Den" in Canada and Britain or "Shark Tank"
Question: Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car? Answer: I somewhat agree to Alex B's post. I was a finance manager for 7
Question: What happens when a company stops trading? (pink sheets) Answer: What will happen if the stock price just continues to decline? Nothing. What would happen if folks just stop
Question: The doctor didn't charge the health insurance in time, am I liable? Answer: I had a similar issue take place at a hospital when the repeatedly billed the "wrong
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: John R. Lott, Jr. and Russell D. Roberts argue that popcorn in movie theaters has a price commensurate
Question: Can I buy and sell a house quickly to access the money in a LISA? Answer: I've got 476,000 but the maximum house price is 450,000. What happens to
Question: Can I default on my private student loans if I was an international student? Answer: What are the consequences if I ignore the emails? If you ignore the emails
Question: Is it a good idea to get an unsecured loan to pay off a credit card that won't lower a high rate? Answer: Take the consolidation loan and pay
Question: Cheapest USD to GBP transfer Answer: Use a remitting service such as Ria Money Transfer. Almost all these services allow you to transfer upto $2999 at a time. So,
Question: US citizen transferring money to Indian fiance to buy property Answer: A. Kindly avoid taking dollars in form of cash to india unless and until it is an emergency.
Question: Is a real estate attorney needed for builder deposit contract? Answer: You are planning on signing a contract for, likely, hundreds of thousands of dollars, and plan on paying,
Question: Which US market indexes (Dow/DJIA, S&P500, NASDAQ) include reinvested dividends? Answer: While the S&P500 is not a total return index, there is an official total return S&P500 that includes
Question: Source(s) for hourly euro/usd exchange rate historic data? Answer: See the FX section of the quantitative finance SE data wiki.
Question: Switching Roth IRA ( from American Funds to Vanguard) Answer: You can have as many IRA accounts as you want (whether Roth or Traditional), so you can have a
Question: I am an American citizen but have never lived in the US. Do I need to fill a W8-BEN or a W-9? Answer: Your employer can require a W8-BEN
Question: Pattern Day Trade Rule Answer: I would suggest following your quote and having a read of the web page supplied, that buys then sells or sells short then buys
Question: Do I need a business credit card? Answer: I would try to avoid mixing business expenditure with personal expenditure so a second credit card might be a good idea.
Question: What happened when the dot com bubble burst? Answer: From the perspective of an investor and someone in high-tech during that period, here is my take: A few high
Question: Corporate Finance Answer: If it's raising $25 million with a debt to equity ratio of 50% then it's raising $8.33 million of debt and $16.67 million of equity. You've
Question: Do US mutual funds and ETFs pay taxes on dividends? Answer: Mutual funds don't pay taxes themselves, they distribute any dividends or capital gains to the shareholders. Thus, if
Question: How can I help my friend change his saving habits? Answer: In the end, this is really not a finance question. It's about changing one's habits. (One step removed,
Question: What happens if a bank loses your safe deposit box? Answer: Unfortunately assets placed in a safety deposit box are not covered under the Federal Deposit Insurance Program (FDIC).
Question: What is the cause of sudden price spikes in the FOREX market? Answer: Forex is really not that volatile compared to other major asset classes like stocks and commodities.
Question: Do I need to file a tax return as a student? Answer: In the U.S., Form 1040 is known as the tax return. This is the form that is
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: In addition to those who are wealthy (not the same as high income), there are also a certain number of people whose
Question: Will the stock market continue to grow forever? Answer: The answer to your question depends on what you mean when you say "growth". If you mean a literal increase
Question: What forms of payment am I compelled to accept? Answer: When you're selling something through a provider, like Craig's List or newspapers, the only thing that may limit your
Question: Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do? Answer: In my opinion, the fee is criminal. There are ETFs available to the public that have expenses as
Question: What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations? Answer: I love John's answer, but I just can't help myself from adding my 2 cents,
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: Keep in mind that you NEED to have a cash reserve. Blindly applying all stray cash to debt
Question: Investing in dividend-yielding stocks with money borrowed from margin account? Answer: In addition to the other answers, here's a proper strategy that implements your idea: If the options are
Question: value of guaranteeing a business loan Answer: You should ask the bank supplying the SBA loan about the % of ownership that is required to personally guarantee the loan.
Question: IS it the wrong time to get into the equity market immediately after large gains? Answer: If your gut told you to buy during the depths of '09, your
Question: Does an owner of a bond etf get an income even if he sells before the day of distribution? Answer: There are two 'dates' relevant to your question: Ex-Dividend
Question: How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me? Answer: Insurance rates are based on statistics manipulated by experts in actuarial "science". Actuaries look at how
Question: Is it irresponsible for me to lease a $300/month car for 18 months? Answer: Presumably you need a car to get to work, so let's start with the assumption
Question: How to check the paypal's current exchange rate? Answer: PayPal does charge a premium, both for sending and receiving. Here's how you find their rates:
Question: What are the usual terms of a "rent with an option to buy" situation? Answer: While the other people have tried to answer your question as thoroughly as possible,
Question: What are support and resistance of a stock? Answer: Support and resistance points indicate price levels where there have been a large amount of trading activity, usually from institutions,
Question: Is real (physical) money traded during online trading? Answer: I think you need to define what you mean by "buy currency online using some online forex trading platform" ...
Question: Taxes on selling stock Answer: You can keep the cash in your account as long as you want, but you have to pay a tax on what's called capital
Question: Mortgage implications if I were to quit my job shortly after being approved? Answer: You mention that you would quit right after getting approved. But in the United States
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: I think the idea here is that because of the way mortgages are amortized, you can drop additional principal
Question: End of financial year: closing transactions Answer: I'm not sure there's a good reason to do a "closing the books" ceremony for personal finance accounting. (And you're not only
Question: What does an options premium really mean? Answer: Intuitive? I doubt it. Derivatives are not the simplest thing to understand. The price is either in the money or it
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: Someone entering a casino with $15 could employ a very simple strategy and have
Question: Should I move my money market funds into bonds? Answer: If your money market funds are short-term savings or an emergency fund, you might consider moving them into an
Question: Cashing in stocks for house downpayment Answer: I'm not sure where people keep getting this idea, but I see it come up a lot. Anyway, you pay capital gains
Question: Why do stocks split? Answer: Stock splits are typically done to increase the liquidity of stock merely by converting every stock of the company into multiple stocks of lower
Question: Can I negotiate a 0% transaction fee with my credit card company? Answer: TL;DR summary: 0% balance transfer offers and "free checks usable anywhere" rarely are a good deal
Question: Unemployment Insurance Through Options Answer: Options do act, somewhat, like insurance.... However.... An insurance policy will not have such short term expiration time frames. A 20 year term life
Question: New 1099 employee with Cobra insurance Answer: While COBRA premiums are not eligible to be a "business" expense they can be a medical expense for personal deduction purposes. If
Question: Contract job (hourly rate) as a 1099: How much would I be making after taxes? Answer: There are way too many details missing to be able to give you
Question: Stability of a Broker: What if your broker goes bankrupt? Could you lose equity in your account? Answer: The Securities Investor Protection Corporation is roughly analogous to the FDIC
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: Nope, take the match. I cannot see not taking the match unless you don't have enough money to
Question: Resources to begin trading from home? Answer: Your plan won't work. Working 40 hours a week at federal minimum wage (currently $7.25 / hr) for 52 weeks is an
Question: How Do Scammers / Money Launderers Profit From Loans To Victims Answer: If they have your account numbers (which are necessary for direct deposits) they could possibly initiate ACH
Question: No transaction fee ETF trades - what's the catch? Answer: AFAIK, It's also possible that the ETF company is paying Ameritrade for every trade you make. Even if your
Question: Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met? Answer: Hey guys, I found this website, it seems to do it for free, and they have
Question: Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance Answer: So your whole approach, and the attempt to scale this is flawed. You
Question: Social Trading Platforms Basically Front Running? Answer: I don't think you can really classify it as front running. Technically, the only information, that the alleged front runner in this
Question: What is the options industry changing about option symbols in February, 2010? Answer: Here is what I could find on the net: http://education.wallstreetsurvivor.com/options-symbol-changes-coming-february-12th-2010 So it sounds like it does
Question: Best buying price on stock marketing based on market depth detail (CSE atrad tool) Answer: If you are buying your order will be placed in Bid list. If you
Question: Can There Be Partial Trade Fill Percentage? Answer: I place a trade, a limit order on a thinly traded stock. I want to buy 1000 shares at $10. The
Question: Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend? Answer: I don't know why there is so much confusion on such a simple concept. The answer is very simple.
Question: How should I begin investing real money as a student? Answer: I think you have a really good idea, kudos to it. It will be difficult to break eve,
Question: Using a FOREX platform to actually change money Answer: If you wanted to spend money in another country, a specialist credit card would be the most cost-effective way. Near-spot
Question: Is a car loan bad debt? Answer: What's missing in your question, so Kate couldn't address, is the rest of your financial picture. If you have a fully funded
Question: How to trade fundamentally good stocks over the short to medium term? Answer: Your question is a bit odd in that you are mixing long-term fundamental analysis signals which
Question: 1099 Misc for taking care of foreign exchange students Answer: According to Intuit, you cannot claim the $50 charitable contribution, so the entire $2000 / month will be taxable
Question: How to calculate 1 share movement Answer: The price of a share has two components: Bid: The highest price that someone who wants to buy shares is willing to
Question: When are investments taxed? Answer: Unless your investments are held within a special tax-free account, then every sale transaction is a taxable event, meaning a gain or loss (capital
Question: Will getting a new credit card and closing another affect my credit? Answer: I once called Amex to cancel a card with an annual fee. Instead, they were able
Question: How much of a down payment for a car should I save before purchasing it? Answer: At minimum, put down the sale price less what insurance would pay if
Question: Ways to save for child's college education where one need not commit to set contributions? [duplicate] Answer: 529 is good. Though, I would avoid other kinds of investments in
Question: Put on a put option Answer: I doubt that this exists, but it could theoretically. After all, a share is kind of an option to a company's future success,
Question: If I buy a share from myself at a higher price, will that drive the price up so I can sell all my shares the higher price? Answer: No,
Question: Didn't apply for credit card but got an application denied letter? Answer: This question has the [united kingdom] tag, so the information about USA or other law and procedures
Question: In what cases can a business refuse to take cash? Answer: They don't have to take cash if they reasonably told you in advance they don't take cash, because
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: From an Indian perspective,
Question: How much does a landlord pay in taxes? Answer: how much taxes would I pay on my income from the rent they would pay me? The same as on
Question: Why is the fractional-reserve banking not a Ponzi scheme? Answer: Your question contains two different concepts: fractional reserve banking and debt-based money. When thinking of these two things I
Question: GnuCash register reimbursements Answer: You should be recording the reimbursement as a negative expense on the original account the expense was recorded. Let's assume you have a $100 expense
Question: Automatic investments for cheap Answer: ETrade allows this without fees (when investing into one of the No-Load/No-Fees funds from their list). The Sharebuilder plan is better when investing into
Question: Should I buy a house or am I making silly assumptions that I can afford it? Answer: The (interest bearing) mortgage of 300,000 would be SIX times your salary.
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: I recently paid off a line of credit on an investment
Question: If a stock is selling for less than book value, is the company headed for bankruptcy? Answer: An answer can be found in my book, "A Modern Approach to
Question: Historical data files for NYSE/NASDAQ daily open/close price data? Answer: I think Infochimps has what you are looking for: NYSE and NASDAQ.
Question: Why sometimes payable date is BEFORE the ex-dividend date? Answer: Do you realise that the examples you have given are for stock splits not for dividends, that is why
Question: Was this bill forgotten by a medical provider, and do notices need to be sent before collections? Answer: check the DATE OF SERVICE on all your invoices carefully. It's
Question: What can I do with "stale" checks? Can I deposit/cash them? Answer: Check is an obligation to pay, and is unconditional. In the US, checks don't expire (there are
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: Great question! While investing in individual stocks can be very useful
Question: Why are some long term investors so concerned about their entry price? Answer: Because buying at discount provides a considerable safety of margin -- it increases the likelihood of
Question: Auto insurance on new car Answer: Auto insurance is a highly personalized item, so depending on your driving record and other factors, $600 a month for full coverage may
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: As one can see here, the world population is growing. Assuming worldwide
Question: Is it inadvisable to leave a Roth IRA to charity upon death? Answer: I think what those articles are saying is: "If you want to leave some money to
Question: How to represent "out of pocket" purchases in general ledger journal entry? Answer: Journal entry into Books of company: 100 dr. expense a/c 1 200 dr. expense a/c 2
Question: Wardrobe: To Update or Not? How-to without breaking the bank Answer: We have a ton of student loan debt (mostly mine) and right now, I'm on a strict 'replace'
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: I was going to comment on the commission-free ETF answer, which I agree with, but I don't have enough
Question: Starting a new online business Answer: Most US states have rules that go something like this: You will almost certainly have to pay some registration fees, as noted above.
Question: Why is the volume highest at the beginning and end of a trading day? Answer: While volume per trade is higher at the open and to a lesser extent
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: Jack "The Mortgage Professor" Guttentag provides a thorough analysis of a similar-sounding system: In addition, I had the feeling
Question: What is considered high or low when talking about volume? Answer: The daily Volume is usually compared to the average daily volume over the past 50 days for a
Question: Investing in a growth stock periodically Answer: I would encourage you to read The Warren Buffett Way. Its a short read and available from most libraries as an audio
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: One of the reasons, apart from historical, is that
Question: How to register LLC in the US from India? [duplicate] Answer: Wyoming is a good state for this. It is inexpensive and annual compliance is minimal. Although Delaware has
Question: Is it true that Income Tax was created to finance troops for World War I? Answer: The Income Tax was put into effect during the Civil War, but was
Question: Why is gold not a good investment? Answer: Gold since the ancient time ( at least when it was founded) has kept its value. for example the french franc
Question: Where can publicly traded profits go but to shareholders via dividends? Answer: Where can publicly traded profits go but to shareholders via dividends? They can be retained by the
Question: When is Cash Value Life Insurance a good or bad idea? Answer: Here's what I'd consider:
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: Day trading is probably the most often tried and failed activity in the financial world. People think they can
Question: What to do when a job offer is made but with a salary less than what was asked for? Answer: If you take less than you think you are
Question: What is insider trading exactly? Answer: The CEO of a public company can, and often does, buy (and sell) the stock of his company. In fact, frequently the stock
Question: First Job, should I save or invest? Answer: Save enough to build an emergency cushion of 4-6 months total expenses. After that, invest everything you can in areas where
Question: Should I use an NRE or NRO account to transfer money from India to the US? Any reports needed? Answer: Deposits into NRE account can only be done from
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: What's going on here is that the variable rate loan is transferring some of the risk from the bank to
Question: Can a company charge you for services never requested or received? Answer: Here's another example of such a practice and the problem it caused. My brother, who lived alone,
Question: Where can I find company filing information in Singapore? Answer: If you are refering to company's financial reports and offerings, the required source for companies to disclose the information
Question: Why do UK banks require monthly "pay in" into current account? Answer: Banks are not your friends, they are not performing services for you because they like you. They
Question: Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel? Answer: Check whether you're being charged a "Cash advance" fee with your withdrawals, because it's being withdrawn from your credit card
Question: What does "Settling your Debt" entail, and how does it compare to other options? Answer: Basically, these guys break all your eggs then try to make an omelet. Your
Question: Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under? Answer: The article you link scares me; but I still have faith that the
Question: Options vs Stocks which is more profitable Answer: Nearly 3 years ago, I wrote an article, Betting on Apple at 9 to 2 which described a bet in which
Question: What to do with small dividends in brokerage account? Answer: Some brokerages will allow you to enroll your account in a dividend reinvestment plan -- TD Ameritrade and I
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: I've often encountered the practices you describe in the Netherlands too. This is how I deal with it. Avoid gyms
Question: What is the purpose of property tax? Answer: Property taxes cover more items than have already been mentioned. As an example, my property tax bill lists the following items:
Question: Buying a foreclosed property Answer: That may depend largely in which country you are in, the legislation in that country and the state of the economy and property market
Question: How do I calculate ownership percentage for shared home ownership? Answer: The bottom line is that you can decide whatever you want to do. It is good of you
Question: Credit card grace period for pay, wait 1 day, charge? Answer: If I understand you correctly, no you shouldn't be charged interest. Lets say you have a billing cycle
Question: I am looking for software to scan and read receipts Answer: NeatReceipts come up from time to time on woot.com. You can read up on the discussions which typically
Question: What prevents interest rates from rising? Answer: There do not appear to be any specific legal measures to prevent bankruptcies. In fact, they seems to be part of the
Question: want to refinance FHA loan, may move out unexpectedly and would like to keep as investment property, what are my options? Answer: Most likely no. Just make sure to
Question: Can landlord/property change unit after approval and payment of fees? Answer: Without the specifics of the contract, as well as the specifics of the country/state/city you're moving to, it's
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: You want to combine a set of techniques to avoid throwing food away. Consider setting aside a weekend day or other non-busy
Question: "Top down" and "bottom-up approach" Answer: I think it's an argument for Keynesian economic policy, basically an abridged version of this paragraph from the Wikipedia article: Keynesian economists often
Question: Expense ratio of an ETF included in the price or calculated separately Answer: The expense ratio reduces the return of the ETF; your scenario of paying 100.0015 is that
Question: Accidentally opened a year term CD account, then realized I need the money sooner. What to do? Answer: In my experience, the only penalty to breaking a CD is
Question: Dispute credit card transaction with merchant or credit card company? Answer: It's very straightforward for an honest vendor to refund the charge, and the transaction only costs him a
Question: What should I be doing to protect myself from identity theft? Answer: http://annualcreditreport.com gives you free access to your 3 credit bureau records. (Annual, not "free". The "free" guys
Question: Buying a more expensive house as a tax shelter (larger interest deduction)? Answer: Two points You don't really get the full 10,000 annual interest as tax free income. Well
Question: What happens if stock purchased on margin plummets below what I have in the brokerage? Answer: If the price had dropped to $4 from $50, and you had $5000
Question: What is a stock warrant? How do warrants work? Answer: In Australia there are 2 type of warrants (I don't know if it is the same in the US,
Question: strategy for the out of favour mining sector Answer: At this particular time, I would strongly suggest holding on and not bailing. I've been following this sector pretty closely
Question: Need help with the psychology of investing: past failures and future fears Answer: I would read any and all of the John Bogle books. Essentially: We know the market
Question: Should I always pay my credit at the last day possible to maximize my savings interest? Answer: If you have the ability to pay online with a guaranteed date
Question: Solicitation of a Security Answer: ASSUMING THIS IS A QUESTION OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWS You didn't explain whether you're related to the mother and son, but I'll assume you
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: It is a bad deal. It saves the government from processing your refund as a
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: This is almost certainly a scam or a mistake. This is
Question: Why do banks insist on allowing transactions without sufficient funds? Answer: The reason they want the transaction to go through is because they make money that way. Remember the
Question: What tax rules apply to selling of digital goods, specifically in-game currencies? Answer: Believe it or not, unless you directly contact an accountant with experience in this field or
Question: Query regarding international transaction between governments Answer: $USD, electronic or otherwise, are not created/destroyed during international transactions. If India wants to buy an F-16s, at cost $34M USD, they'll
Question: Home owners association for houses, pro/cons Answer: I agree with the basic purpose of an HOA. Unlike the poster above Jay, I do believe that people painting their houses
Question: How can I find out what percentage the publicly traded shares (float) are of the total company? Answer: I think you're looking for the public float: Public float or
Question: Does the low CAD positively or negatively impact Canadian Investors? Answer: When you want to invest in an asset denominated by a foreign currency, your investment is going to
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: There are two parts to
Question: How do I factor dividends and yield into the performance of a security? Answer: Usually I've seen people treat the dividend like a separate cash flow, which is discounted
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: You're mixing up two different concepts: low-risk and recession-proof. I'll assume I don't need to explain risk: there is always risk,
Question: Fundamentals of creating a diversified portfolio based on numbers? Answer: Your question is a complex one because knowledge of the investor's beliefs about the market is required. For almost
Question: Can company owners use lay offs to prevent restricted stock from vesting before an acquisition? Answer: Depending on your local laws, such a layoff may be an unlawful act.
Question: Could the loan officer deny me even if I have the money as a first time home buyer? Answer: A financial institution is not obligated to offer you a
Question: Why and why would/wouldn't a company split their stock? Answer: From Investopedia, A stock split is usually done by companies that have seen their share price increase to levels
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: This is known as "Zone Pricing" or "Geographical Pricing". http://articles.latimes.com/2005/jun/19/business/fi-calprice19 Such price variations may seem odd,
Question: Can expense ratios on investment options in a 401(k) plan contain part of the overall 401(k) plan fees? Answer: There are several things being mixed up in the questions
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: Governments borrowing money doesn't create new money. When banks "borrow" money (i.e. take deposits), it does effectively create money
Question: When's the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold? Answer: This is but one opinion. Seek others before your act. "When someone puts
Question: Federal taxes for nonresident alien whose only income in 2016 was a 2015 state tax return Answer: I believe you have to file a tax return, because state tax
Question: The board of directors in companies Answer: Boards of Directors are required for corporations by nearly all jurisdictions. Some jurisdictions have almost self-defeating requirements however, such as in tax
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: I think this is possible under very special conditions. The important part of the description here is probably
Question: How exactly does a country devalue its currency? Answer: Does some official tell the Foreign Exchange the the new exchange rate for the yuan is 0.98 * the current
Question: Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor? Answer: I would recommend reading Intelligent Investor first. It was written slightly more recently (1949) than
Question: What does the average log-return value of a stock mean? Answer: Knowing the log return is useful - the log return can help you to work out the annual
Question: What is the difference between a bad/bounced check and insufficient funds? Answer: Insufficient funds will cause a check to bounce. If there is evidence that you "kited" the check
Question: How to minimise the risk of a reduction in purchase power in case of Brexit for money held in a bank account? Answer: The mathematical answer is for you
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: I don't see anything in this forum on the leverage aspect, so I'll toss that out for discussion.
Question: Can an ETF, open at a price other than what the pre-market was at? Answer: If you're talking about an ETF trading on Arca, it's probably because of the
Question: Withdrawing cash from investment: take money from underperforming fund? Answer: I think the advice Bob is being given is good. Bob shouldn't sell his investments just because their price
Question: What is the rationale behind brokerages establishing tiers/levels for options trading? Answer: Option tiers are broker specific, according mostly to their business model and presumably within the bounds of
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: If the bank is calling your employer, the federal Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) limits where
Question: Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? Answer: I did once read a book titled "How I made a million dollars on the
Question: Is there a way to roll over short-term gains and avoid capital gain tax Answer: If the investments are in a non-retirement, taxable account, there's not much you can
Question: How do I get into investing in stocks? Answer: Start by paying down any high interest debt you may have, like credit cards. Reason being that they ultimately eat
Question: Will a credit card company close my account if I stop using it? Answer: The workaround solution is to simply avoid having an exactly zero balance on your account.
Question: How to make a decision for used vs new car if I want to keep the car long term? Answer: This is my opinion as a car nut. It
Question: Stocks taxed just for selling, or just when withdrawing? Answer: Outside of a tax sheltered IRA or 401(k) type of account your transactions may trigger tax liability. However, transactions
Question: Possible Risks of Publicizing Personal Stock Portfolio Answer: You would be facilitating identity theft. You would be risking people who disagree with your approach thinking you're foolish. Are you
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: This just happened to me with a Wells Fargo Bill Pay check. WF put
Question: Where do large corporations store their massive amounts of cash? Answer: You can find out the general types of investments by reading the public corporation 10-Q report that is
Question: Good Percentage Return on Equity? Answer: Yes definitely Warren Buffet averaged returns of only around 21% throughout his 40 years in business. ROE of 23% is probably more than
Question: Money put down on home Answer: You should have drafted a contract of purchase that stipulated out equity stake in the home based of his down payment and yours,
Question: If a company's assets are worth more than its market cap, can one say the shares must be undervalued? Answer: Look at Price/book value and there are more than
Question: Strategies for putting away money for a child's future (college, etc.)? Answer: (Congratulations on the little one on the way.) I'd recommend saving outside of tax-advantaged accounts. Pay your
Question: Can I move my 401k to another country without paying tax penalty? Answer: There are two significant drawbacks to this type of transfer. They were the reasons why I
Question: Are there any ETFs that follow the "Dogs of the Dow" allocation? Answer: Google is your friend. If you buy me a beer, I might be as well. By
Question: Ray Dalio - All Weather Portfolio Answer: Making these difficult portfolio decisions for you is the point of Target-Date Retirement Funds. You pick a date at which you're going
Question: What does market cap (or market capitalization) mean? Answer: Market cap is basically the amount of money that it would cost to buy all of the shares of public
Question: Why might it be a bad idea to invest 100% of your 401(k) into a stock index fund? Answer: I've read a nice rule of thumb somewhere that you
Question: Are credit cards not viewed as credit until you miss one payment? Answer: First, a note of my personal experience: up until a year ago, my credit lines were
Question: ESPP: Share vs Payroll withholding Answer: Note that you're asking about withholding, not about taxing. Withholding doesn't mean this is exactly the tax you'll pay: it means they're withholding
Question: How do I figure out the market value of used books? Answer: Regarding the textbooks and technical books, it might be worth checking out sites like Chegg.com or other
Question: Re-financing/consolidating multiple student loans for medical school? Answer: Actually, a few lenders now will offer a consolidation loan that will consolidate both Federal and private student loans. One example
Question: Should I invest in the pre-IPO company stock offered by my employer? Answer: Whether it's wise or not depends on what you think and what you should consider are
Question: What is the correct way to report incentive stock options (ISO) on federal taxes? Answer: I'm assuming this was a cashless exercise because you had income show up on
Question: Is expense to freelancers tax deductible? Answer: Yes, but make sure you issue a 1099 to these freelancers by 1/31/2016 or you may forfeit your ability to claim the
Question: Is Cash Value Life Insurance ("whole life" insurance) a good idea for my future? Answer: I have an answer and a few comments. Back to the basics: Insurance is
Question: Research for Info Answer: quid's link should give you a definitive answer, but just to set expectations, here's an article from the UPI: Essex Chemical Corp. has agreed to
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: I have never had a credit card and have been able to function perfectly well without one for 30
Question: What software do you recommend for Creating a To-The-Penny, To-The-Day Budget? Answer: I wrote a little program one time to try to do this. I think I wrote it
Question: How could strike price for new shares be higher than the market price Answer: This can arise with very thinly traded stocks for large blocks of shares. If the
Question: How should I decide whether to buy more shares of a stock when its price drops? Answer: A key principle of economics is: Sunk costs are irrelevant. You bought
Question: Where can I borrow money for investing? Answer: The question should read: "Borrow huge money for speculating". This is a bad idea on many levels. The lowest rates available
Question: What to do if my aging father is sustaining a hobby that is losing several thousand dollars every month? Answer: You've already counted the cost. It will cost your
Question: Does a restaurant have to pay tax on a discount? Answer: In almost any jurisdiction, the restaurant will pay tax on the amount after the discount. Discounting is just
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: Why do people take out life insurance on their
Question: Multi-user, non-US personal finance and budget software Answer: I know exactly what you are talking about. You may like
Question: Is selling only shares you bought with margin on a margin/unsettled cash purchase free ride? Answer: There is no free ride at most brokers. You will likely be charged
Question: Nanny taxes and payroll service Answer: Whether to employ a payroll service to handle the taxes (and possibly the payroll itself) is a matter that depends on how savvy
Question: Why diversify stocks/investments? Answer: Basically, diversifying narrows the spread of possible results, raising the center of the returns bell-curve by reducing the likelihood of extreme results at either the
Question: What is a typical investment portfolio made up of? Answer: Don't over think about your choices. The most important thing to start now and keep adjusting and tuning your
Question: What is Systematic about Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and who invented it? Answer: Personally, I think you are approaching this from the wrong angle. You're somewhat correct in assuming
Question: I have made all the payments on a car I cosigned. Do I have to fight for possession of the vehicle? Answer: Ordinarily a cosigner does not appear on
Question: Retirement & asset allocation of $30K for 30 year old single guy Answer: If you want to invest in stocks, bonds and mutual funds I would suggest you take
Question: What is the difference between speculating and investing? Answer: Colloquially, there's no difference except for the level of risk (which is an estimate anyway). Classically, investment is creating wealth
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: If everyone bought used cars, who would buy the new cars so that everyone else could buy them
Question: Building financial independence Answer: It's important to have both long term goals and milestones along the way. In an article I wrote about saving 15% of one's income, I
Question: Is the need to issue bonds a telltale sign that the company would have a hard time paying coupons? Answer: People borrow money all the time to buy a
Question: What's the benefit of opening a Certificate of Deposit (CD) Account? Answer: If you've already got emergency savings sufficient for your needs, I agree that you'd be better served
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: For what it's worth, the distribution I'm currently using is roughly ... with about 2/3 of the money sitting in my
Question: Variable Annuity inside a Roth IRA? What is this and how can I switch it to something else? Answer: Your financial advisor got a pretty good commission for selling
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: I did some empirical research, comparing the exchange rates for wire transfers vs. the exchange rates for
Question: Didn't apply for credit card but got an application denied letter? Answer: This can be a case of someone trying to use your identity to obtain credit. I would
Question: What's the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time? Answer: A free solution that I've been using is Task Coach. It has tasks, subtasks,
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: I think your best bet would be commission-free ETFs, which have no minimum and many have a share price
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: With regards to "the stock market," there are actually two markets involved here: PRIMARY MARKET Value is created in
Question: What does it mean if "IPOs - normally are sold with an `underwriting discount` (a built in commission)" Answer: Also, in the next sentence, what is buyers commission? Is
Question: While working overseas my retirement has not gone into a retirement account. Is it going to kill me on the FAFSA? Answer: Are the schools going to count all
Question: Should I file a change of address with the IRS? Answer: The most important thing to do when moving is to change your address with the post office. This
Question: Income Tax and Investments Answer: Unless you make those investments inside a tax-deferred account, you will have to pay income-taxes on that money this year. Because you made that
Question: When I google a ticker like XLE or something, I see a price which updates frequently (about every second or so), where can I find this for options? Answer:
Question: What is the meaning of Equal Housing Lender? Do non-banks need to display it? Answer: At the top result of the Google search, on the Google results page it's
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: Depends on how long you're willing to invest for. Broadly speaking, the best (by which I mean,
Question: Family suggests my first real estate. Advice? Answer: You say My work is steady; even if I lost my job it'd be easy to get another. Location has been
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: The odds could very well be in your favor, even when the insurance company expects profit. What matters to you is not the expected amount
Question: How to know if two ETFs are 'substantially identical' according to wash sale rules? Answer: It sounds like this is an entirely unsettled question, unfortunately. In the examples you
Question: Are investor's preference for dividends justified? Answer: This question is predicated on the assumption that investors prefer dividends, as this depends on who you're speaking to. Some investors prefer
Question: Higher auto insurance costs: keep car or switch to public transit? Answer: So you will be saving $450 + price of commuting gas - cost of transportation + cost
Question: Why gamma scalping is not advised for retail traders with reg T margin Answer: My interpretation of that sentence is that you can't do the buying/selling of shares outright
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Lottery tickets where I live are often for charity. The charity does good things with
Question: What are some well known or well regarded arguments against investing? Answer: I think you're confusing risk analysis (that is what you quoted as "Taleb Distribution") with arguments against
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: I'm in a similar situation, but I live in a state that doesn't allow mortgagees to "walk away" without recourse.
Question: Should I be worried that I won't be given a receipt if I pay with cash? Answer: In some states, it is your responsibility to pay the sales tax
Question: How to get a credit card as a minor? Answer: I have a job and would like to buy equipment for producing music at home and it would be
Question: Demurrage vs inflation Answer: Yes, there's a difference. If you've borrowed $100, then under inflation your salary will (presumably) increase, and tomorrow your debt will only be worth $99.
Question: How much money do you have to make every year before you have to pay tax? Answer: I'm not confident that the requirements for 2017 are up yet, but
Question: Money Structuring Answer: Structuring, as noted in another answer, involves breaking up cash transactions to avoid the required reporting limits. There are a couple of important things to note.
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: The stock market exists for two reasons. It lets companies raise money to invest, and it lets company owners
Question: How do I bring money overseas? Answer: I'm an Australian who just got back from a trip to Malaysia for two weeks over the New Year, so this feels
Question: Choosing the limit when making a limit order? Answer: Never. Isn't that the whole idea of the limit order. You want a bargain, not the price the seller wants.
Question: Transferred Stocks in 1993, sold 2017 taxes Answer: Assuming the stock was worth more at the time she gave it to you than when she bought it, the cost
Question: Post tax versus pretax (ESPP versus straight investment) Answer: This answer assumes that your purpose for using the ESPP is to generate a relatively safe 15% return on that
Question: Buying a foreclosed property Answer: Like most other things, this is "sometimes," but not always true. Sometimes banks will be willing to sell at a discount, sometimes they will
Question: How do I determine how much rent I could charge for a property or location? Answer: Zoopla may not always accurately reflect the market price. Your best bet is
Question: Sanity check on choosing the term for a mortgage refinance Answer: If the best they can do is 1/8th of a percent for a 15 year term, you are
Question: What evidence exists for claiming that you cannot beat the market? Answer: Will the investor beat the benchmark for a given period will follow a Bernoulli distribution -- each
Question: Could someone please provide an example of a portfolio similiar to the GFP or Couch potato, but for Australia? Answer: The portfolio described in that post has a blend
Question: What's a good option for passive income for a college student? Answer: As mentioned in the other answer, you can't invest all of your money in one slightly risky
Question: I am a contractor with revenue below UK's VAT threshold. Should I register for VAT? Answer: If you are providing VAT-liable services (you probablly are) and you register normally
Question: Credit rating in Germany Answer: The SCHUFA in Germany works a bit different from the FICO score in the US. My background: I am a German currently living in
Question: Option trading: High dollar value stock option and equity exposure Answer: You're forgetting the fundamental issue, that you never have to actually exercise the options you buy. You can
Question: Technical Analysis: the concepts of overbought / oversold don't make sense Answer: Investopedia's explanation of overbought: An asset that has experienced sharp upward movements over a very short period
Question: Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"? Answer: Lets turn this round. Now what if the only people willing to own part of company are doing
Question: Claiming income/deductions on an illegal apartment Answer: The IRS demands and expects to be paid tax on all taxable activity, including illegal activity. If they expect drug dealers, hit
Question: How to execute a large stock purchase, relative to the order book? Answer: I normally just do a buy limit at the price I want to buy it at.
Question: Avoiding Double-Reporting Income (1099-MISC plus 1099-K) Answer: Your clients should not send you 1099-MISC if they paid with a credit card. You can refer them to this text in
Question: InteractiveBrokers: How to calculate overnight commissions for CFD? Answer: IB's overnight financing cost for US CFDs below $100,000 is the Benchmark Rate + 1.5% for long positions and the
Question: What is vested stock and yearly dividends? Answer: Vesting As you may know a stock option is the right to acquire a given amount of stock at a given
Question: IRS "convenience of the employer" test when employee lives far from the office Answer: I'm not a tax professional, but as I understand it, you are not expected to
Question: How exactly does a country devalue its currency? Answer: Currencies that are pegged or fixed require that foreign currencies are held by the central issuer at a proportional amount.
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: What most of these answers here seem to be missing is
Question: What is the true value, i.e. advantages or benefits, of building up equity in your home? Answer: A person can finance housing expenses in one of two ways. You
Question: Are stocks always able to be bought and sold at market price? Answer: For any large company, there's a lot of activity, and if you sell at "market" your
Question: Which Roth IRA is the best for a 21 year old who has about $1500? Answer: You are young, and therefore have a very long time horizon for investing.
Question: Estimated Taxes Fall Short of tax liability  how do I pay extra online (Federal and NYS) Answer: If you qualify for the safe harbor, you are not required
Question: Should I pay off my student loan before buying a house? Answer: Paying off your student loan before buying a house is certainly a great risk reduction move for
Question: fastest way to move USD to EUR Answer: You're asking three different things: What is the fastest way, what is the cheapest way and what is the easiest way.
Question: Why would a stock opening price differ from the offering price? Answer: The opening price is derived from new information received. It reflects the current state of the market.
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: As a car guy, I wouldn't spend 27 large on anything that wasn't "special" - you'll be looking
Question: What is the point of the stock market? What is it for, and why might someone want to trade or invest? Answer: In finance, form is function, and while
Question: How to bet against the London housing market? Answer: Well, Taking a short position directly in real estate is impossible because it's not a fungible asset, so the only
Question: Like a Roth IRA for intellectual property, offshore assignment? Answer: One can have a self-directed IRA. This is not like a Schwab, eTrade, etc IRA. It has a special
Question: How do amortization schedules work and when are they used? Answer: Simply put, for a mortgage, interest is charged only on the balance as well. Think of it this
Question: Does cash back apply to online payments with credit card Answer: Retail purchases are purchases made at retail, i.e.: as a consumer/individual customer. That would include any "standard" individual
Question: How Should I Go About Buying a Car? (College Student) Answer: So you want to buy a car but have no money saved up.... That's going to be hard!!
Question: Tax benefits of recycling Answer: If they charge a fee to accept an item, it's reasonable to assume the item has insignificant value, so the only tax-deductible bit would
Question: Can we estimate the impact of a large buy order on the share price? Answer: If you look at a trade grid you can see how this happens. If
Question: How can I buy shares of oil? I'm told it's done through ETFs. How's that related to oil prices per barrel? Answer: While we're not supposed to make direct
Question: What foreign exchange rate is used for foreign credit card and bank transactions? Answer: A lot of questions, but all it boils down to is: . Banks usually perform
Question: On what dates do the U.S. and Canada release their respective federal budgets? Answer: Canada does not have a set date on which a (Federal) budget plan is unveiled.
Question: Investment in mutual fund in India for long term goals Answer: Buy only 'Direct' Plans, not regular. - Demat providers won't sell Direct plans, that you can do it
Question: Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance? Answer: For learning about finances my main two financial resources are this site, and the Motley Fool. My
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: A friend since July online and big business talks
Question: Do brokers execute every trade on the exchange? Answer: There are two terms that are related, but separate here: Broker and Market Maker. The former is who goes and
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: Having recently been given basically the same question it hinges on a few major factors. What
Question: Can I cash a cashier's check at any bank? Answer: Normally if the amount of a cashiers check is over $5,000, a bank (like Wells Fargo) may put a
Question: What taxes are assessed on distributions of an inherited IRA? Answer: All transactions within an IRA are irrelevant as far as the taxation of the distributions from the IRA
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: Whether applying for a job or buying a house, Offer a more specific price like $72,500, which tells them you
Question: How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)? Answer: In the UK it all comes down to what HMRC will allow you to
Question: If a country can just print money, is global debt between countries real? Answer: This is a extremely complicated subject, but I assume you want a very simple answer
Question: Beginning investment Answer: Your question is very broad. Whole books can and have been written on this topic. The right place to start is for you and your wife
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: Try a gym for
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: In my opinion, the average investor should not be buying individual stocks. One reason why is
Question: Determining the basis for capital gain [duplicate] Answer: If you make money in currency speculation (as in your example), that is a capital gain. A more complicated example is
Question: How to model fees from trades on online platforms? Answer: Assuming cell A1 contains the number of trades: will price up to A1=100 at 17 each, and the rest
Question: Self-employment alongside full-time job Answer: What you need to do is register as a sole trader. This will automatically register you for self assessment so you don't have to
Question: Why don't forced buy-ins of short sold stock happen much more frequently? Answer: Many investors don't invest for the short term and so a stock "nose-diving" in the short
Question: How to execute a large stock purchase, relative to the order book? Answer: What is the average daily volume traded? It looks like this stock may have a liquidity
Question: Index ETF or Index mutual fund - standard brokerage account Answer: The ETF is likely better in this case. The ETF will generally generate less capital gains taxes along
Question: German stock exchange, ETR vs FRA Answer: I stumbled on the same discrepancy, and was puzzled by a significant difference between the two prices on ETR and FRA. For
Question: End-of-season car sales? Answer: Manufacturers sometimes give incentives to car dealers to ensure that the prior year models are sold out before the year is up. However, dealers are
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: For two reasons: 1- People are entitled to deductions
Question: Is it a good idea to rebalance without withdrawing money? Answer: There will quickly come a time when buying to rebalance is impractical. Consider, you save 10%, and at
Question: Howto choose a marketplace while submitting an order for a stock trade Answer: It depends on your cost structure and knowledge of the exchanges. It could be optimal to
Question: What should I reserve "emergency savings" for? Answer: Emergency funds are good to keep yourself out of debt, for whatever reason. Job loss is a big place where an
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: As others have said getting on a written budget before each month
Question: What are institutional investors? Answer: FINRA defines institutional investors as: Institutional investors include banks, savings and loan associations, insurance companies, registered investment companies, registered investment advisors, a person or
Question: Following an investment guru a good idea? Answer: I think following the professional money managers is a strategy worth considering. The buys from your favorite investors can be taken
Question: To use a line of credit or withdraw from savings Answer: No one can really answer this for you. It is a matter of personal preference and the details
Question: How does the process of "assignment" work for in-the-money Options? Answer: First, it depends on your broker. Full service firms will tear you a new one, discount brokers may
Question: Can used books bought off Amazon be claimed as a tax deduction in Australia? Answer: Yes, you can. That the books were purchased from abroad is irrelevant: you incurred
Question: I may earn a lot of cash soon through self-employment on a lucrative project. How to handle the tax? Answer: I'm not familiar with Canadian taxes, but had your
Question: What is Fibonacci values? Answer: Usually when a stock is up-trending or down-trending the price does not go up or down in a straight line. In an uptrend the
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: Day traders see a dip, buy stocks, then sell them 4 mins later when the
Question: How to convince someone they're too risk averse or conservative with investments? Answer: I feel these beliefs can not be changed so easily. Once someone loses their money, how
Question: Which state do saving interests come from? Answer: Most (if not all states) in the US are only interested in source income. If you worked in that state they
Question: Sanity check on choosing the term for a mortgage refinance Answer: One thing you didn't mention is whether the 401(k) offers a match. If it does, this is a
Question: Total price of (AAPL option strike price + option cost) decreases with strike price. Why? Answer: Think about it this way. If the strike price is $200, and cost
Question: How much lump sum investment in stocks would be needed to yield a target stable monthly income? Answer: I will add another point to ChrisinEdmonton's answer... I recognize that
Question: Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe? Answer: There is really much simpler explanation for the interest rate differences in different countries. It
Question: Taxable income on full-time job + business earnings Answer: Possible alternative: In my case, the part-time locksmithing is a small enough portion of my I come that I just
Question: Filing taxes on stocks Answer: You need to submit an updated return. The problem is that once three years have passed you can't update the return to get any
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: I haven't seen any of the other answers address this point  shares are (a
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: Yes. Bonds perform very well in a recession. In fact the safer the bond, the better it would do in a
Question: How much do large sell orders affect stock price? Answer: In general, how does a large open market stock sale affect prices? A very general answer, all other things
Question: What risks are there acting as a broker between PayPal and electronic bank transfers? Answer: This is definitely a scam. I had a friend sign up for a very
Question: Why do only motor insurers employ "No Claims Discounts"? Answer: Some people are better drivers than others. A collision can happen to anybody, even good drivers. The collision might
Question: What to do with south african currency free fall Answer: Use other currencies, if available. I'm not familiar with the banking system in South Africa; if they haven't placed
Question: For young (lower-mid class) investors what percentage should be in individual stocks? Answer: The short answer: zero. dg99's answer gives some good reasons why. You will basically never be
Question: Ways to establish credit history for international student Answer: I would like to establish credit history - have heard it's useful to gain employment and makes it easy to
Question: Is it really possible to get rich in only a few years by investing? Answer: To get rich in a short time, it's more likely what you want to
Question: At what point should I go into credit card debt? Answer: You're situation is actually pretty solid except for the job part. I definitely understand the existential meltdown in
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: I will expand on Bacon's comment. When you are married, and you acquire
Question: How good is Wall Street Survivor for learning about investing? Answer: To be honest, wall street survivor is good but when it comes to learning the stock markets from
Question: Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option? Answer: The idea behind investing in index funds is that you will not under perform the
Question: Resources on how to be a short term trader? Answer: I commend you for your desire to be a smart and engaged investor. Regarding the other comments, yes the
Question: Do real nappies (reusable / cloth diapers) really save money? Answer: I only used disposable diapers for my baby's first month. However, I now use half disposable diapers (for
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: I suggest that you think in terms of "financial independence" rather than retirement. You do not need to retire in the
Question: Is it better to pay an insurance deductible, or get an upgrade? Answer: I think you have a few choices that cannot be described by math alone: Repair current
Question: Why would a long-term investor ever chose a Mutual Fund over an ETF? Answer: There is little difference between buying shares in your broker's index fund and shares of
Question: Return of value to shareholders in an ISA Answer: You will receive a combination of Verizon shares and cash whether you chose option B or C. Option B means
Question: What happens to the insider trade profits? Answer: You seem to have a little confusion over terminology that should be cleared up: You are calling this "day-trading" Day-trading is
Question: which types of investments should be choosen for 401k at early 20's? Answer: Split your contributions evenly across the funds on that list with the word "core" or "S&P"
Question: Why small retail stores ask for ID with a credit card while big don't Answer: Because large stores do not pay their cashiers enough that the companies can dock
Question: Advantage of credit union or local community bank over larger nationwide banks such as BOA, Chase, etc.? Answer: Don't switch just because you hear people panicking on the talk
Question: How to measure the cost/value of an Asset in the Financial Statement Answer: Does the friend fix your electrical wiring and the engine of your car? If you need
Question: Rent or buy with 0 down Answer: Whether or not you choose to buy is a complicated question. I will answer as "what you should consider/think about" as I
Question: Is keeping track of your money and having a budget the same thing? Answer: A budget is a predetermined plan for spending allocated funds to a fixed set of
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: A multiplex is a concession stand which happens to show movies in order to lure you into range
Question: Can a company donate to a non-profit to pay for services arranged for before hand? Answer: Can a company say "StackExchange" donate to a non-profit company say $5,000 in
Question: Buying a house, how much should my down payment be? Answer: As observed, there is no answer that will fit all, but below are some considerations: Your monthly requirement
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: A company's valuation includes its assets, in addition to projected earnings.
Question: What is a trust? What are the different types of trusts? Answer: From a more technical point of view, a trust is a legal relationship between 3 parties: Trusts
Question: What laws/regulations are there regardings gifts in the form of large sums of money? Answer: This depends on the country(ies) involved. US citizen/resident giving gifts is required to pay
Question: When should I open a "Line of credit" at my bank? Answer: There are two basic types of lines of credit typically offered at a retail bank: Overdraft line
Question: Whether to prepay mortgage or invest in stocks Answer: what other pieces of info should I consider If you don't have liquid case available for unexpected repairs, then you
Question: What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive? Answer: It cost a lot of money to pay the poet to make wording, designers/photographers to make the
Question: Can PayPal transfer money automatically from my bank account if I link it in PayPal? Answer: As the other answers stated: Yes PayPal will transfer money from your bankaccount
Question: IS it the wrong time to get into the equity market immediately after large gains? Answer: Its best to dollar cost average adding say 5%-10% a quarter into the
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: New York state actually has laws protecting gym members from predatory gym membership pricing. Your state may also have laws
Question: Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend? Answer: Instead of giving part of their profits back as dividends, management puts it back into the company so the
Question: find stock composition of a publicly traded fund Answer: The big websites, Yahoo and the like, only give the 10 biggest positions of any fund. Download the annual report
Question: Pros & cons of investing in gold vs. platinum? Answer: One might hope for slightly more rationality in the platinum market. Rarely does one hear talk of "platinum bugs",
Question: 2 401k's and a SEP-IRA Answer: Please note that if you are self employed, then the profit sharing limit for both the SEP and Solo 401(k) is 20% of
Question: What is the correct answer for percent change when the start amount is zero dollars $0? Answer: In general, when dealing with quantities like net income that are not
Question: Choosing the "right" NAPFA advisor, and whether fees are fair, etc.? Answer: The nature of this question (finding a financial adviser) can make it a conundrum. Those who have
Question: Gap in domestic Health Insurance coverage, expect higher premiums? Answer: I bought Health Insurance for myself after a period without it, and my premiums were not terrible. I was
Question: I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account mistake? Answer: If you were married the 250K protection can be expanded by the use of joint and individual
Question: $1.44 million in holdings: Help my non-retired, 80-year-old dad invest it Answer: This is not the answer you were hoping for. I recommend that you stay out of it
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: All institutions, financial or otherwise, seek to maximize profits. In a free market, each bank would price its
Question: Why don't people generally save more of their income? Answer: A person who always saves and appropriately invests 20% of their income can expect to have a secure retirement.
Question: Can I invest in the USA or EU from an Asian 3rd-world country, over the Internet? Answer: Absolutely. It does highly depend on your country, as US brokerages are
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: I owned and managed a few residential properties. At one time the net cash flow was on the order of
Question: Can a business refuse to take credit cards? Answer: Businesses are free to decide what payment methods they accept for their goods and services. Businesses sometimes advertise what credit
Question: Is there any downside snapping a picture (or scanning a copy) of every check one writes vs. using a duplicate check? Answer: No, there is no downside. I personally
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: There actually are legitimate reasons, but they don't apply to most people. Here are a
Question: Do I pay taxes on a gift of mutual funds? Answer: I gift my daughter stock worth $1000. No tax issue. She sells it for $2000, and has a
Question: Investing $50k + Real Estate Answer: My spouse will only be entering medical school within 2 years at the earliest, and will likely be there for about 4-5 years.
Question: Is there a legal deadline for when your bank/brokerage has to send your tax forms to you? Answer: I can't find specific information for Form 1099-DIV for this tax
Question: Negatives to increased credit card spending limit? [duplicate] Answer: There is another drawback, and this is why I keep a low-limit card for online purchases and another for carrying
Question: Should I replace bonds in a passive investment strategy Answer: No. That's the point of a passive strategy: you maintain a more or less constant mix of assets and
Question: Cash flow implications of converting primary mortgaged residence to rental Answer: The rental income is indeed taxable income, but you reduce the taxable portion of it by deducting expenses
Question: Are buying and selling futures based on objective data? Answer: I own a gold mine and my cost of producing an ounce of gold is $600. Less than that,
Question: Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card? Answer: Given that the laws on consumer liability for unauthorized transactions
Question: If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans? Answer: There are three common options for you:
Question: Overnight charges for brokers holding stocks? Answer: If you are trading CFDs, which are usually traded on margin, you will usually be charged an overnight financing fee for long
Question: Paid part of my state refund back last year; now must declare the initial amount as income? Answer: http://www.irs.gov/taxtopics/tc503.html says you can deduct "Any prior year's state or local
Question: Steps to buying a home Answer: Pre-edit, Pete mentioned that he feels real estate agents would (a) like you to buy as much house as you afford, and (b)
Question: Placing limit order and stop loss on same stock at same time Answer: if it opens below my limit order What exactly are you trying to achieve here? If
Question: I was given a 1099-misc instead of a w-2 what are my next steps? Answer: I agree that you should have received both a 1099 and a W2 from
Question: What does an x% inflation rate actually mean? Answer: Inflation is a reflection on the expansion of the money supply, aka debt, being created by a central bank. Fiat
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: For the same reason that people bet on different teams. Some think the Tigers will win, others thing the Yankees will
Question: Are long-term bonds risky assets? Answer: Bonds have multiple points of risk: This is part of the time value of money chapter in any finance course. Disclaimer - Duff's
Question: How is the opening-day price of a stock decided? Answer: When a stock is going to become public there's a level of analysis required to figure out the range
Question: Are parking spaces and garage boxes a good investment? Answer: No no no no!!!! Do not spend 25k on a damn slab of concrete when you don't even own
Question: How do I evaluate risk exposure to my U.K. bank in light of the possible collapse of the Euro or Eurozone economies? Answer: You could evaluate the risk exposure
Question: What does inflation mean to me? Answer: It means that your money does not have the same amount of buying power.
Question: Should I overpay to end a fixed-rate mortgage early? [duplicate] Answer: The simplest argument for overpayment is this: Let's suppose your fixed rate mortgage has an interest rate of
Question: Can I claim mileage for traveling to a contract position? Answer: The short answer is yes you can, but you have to make sure you do it correctly. If
Question: What are the consequences of being classified as a day trader, in Australia? Answer: In Australia the ATO can determine if you are considered a shareholder or a share
Question: Double-entry bookkeeping: When selling an asset, does the money come from, Equity or Income? Answer: Selling an asset is not earning income. You are basically moving value from one
Question: Does "cash in lieu of dividend" incur any tax consequences in an IRA? Answer: In a (not Roth) IRA, withdrawals are generally already taxed as regular income. So there
Question: What is the difference between a structured collar and a normal collar in finance? Answer: Let's start with a definition: A Collar is a protective strategy for a position
Question: Can my spouse be the primary signer on my car's loan? Answer: If your spouse wishes to buy a car and finance it with a car loan, they are
Question: Hearing much about Dave Ramsey. Which of his works is best in describing his "philosophy" about money? Answer: My beef with day (and to ape Yishai's answer a little)
Question: Is income from crypto-currencies taxed? Answer: In Canada, it is similarly taxed as CQM states. Mining is considered business income and you need to file a T1 form. Capital
Question: Home loan: loss payable clause in favor of lender for home insurance? Answer: Why doesn't it seem right to you? The lender financed the house and has the first
Question: Taxes for citizen of EU country #1 living in EU country #2 and working from home for non-EU country #3? Answer: There are just too many variables here... Will
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: Don't buy the new car. Buy a $15k car with $5k down and a 3 year loan and
Question: Calculating NPV for future cash inflows Answer: When calculating the NPV, is there anything I need to do in between the project start date outlay (Nov 2017), and the
Question: Tracking down stocks I own Answer: My best answer is to simply fish out that old email account. DumbCoder makes a good point - the company whose shares you
Question: Do tax-exempt bond fund earnings need to be reported on taxes? Answer: Tax-exempt interest (and dividends attributable to tax-exempt interest) is required to be reported on Form 1040 line
Question: How is a Condominium / Apartment Building fiscally identified? Answer: In such cases, it has a EIN, like any business would. Even absent the rent you suggest, the condo
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: I've used PayPal for my business for a long time. Sometimes PayPal
Question: Should I get an accountant for my taxes? Answer: Let me offer an anecdote to this - I started helping a woman, widowed, retired, who had been paying $500/yr
Question: Car Insurance - Black box has broken and insurance company wants me to pay? Answer: Unless it is in the contract that you must replace it then this should
Question: Lump sum annuity distribution  do I owe estate tax? Answer: The page you linked shows "Federal changes eliminated Florida's estate tax after December 31, 2004" but no, estates
Question: Paypal website donations without being a charity Answer: An answer from PayPal stated that donations may be turned on only for Business PayPal accounts that are verified for its
Question: Where can I find filings of HUD-1 statements? Answer: Three companies may have copies of it: the bank, the Title Company (aka settlement company), and perhaps the real estate
Question: How much of my capital should I spend on subscribing to a stock research company? Answer: You should spend zero on your stock research company. If the management of
Question: The doctor didn't charge the health insurance in time, am I liable? Answer: This has a straightforward answer. It's likely that your doctor and the hospital have no responsibility
Question: Should I pay a company who failed to collect VAT from me over 6 months ago? Answer: It looks like businesses selling services (like software downloads) from outside the
Question: What are the consequences of IRS "reclassification" on both employer and employee? Answer: You are confusing entirely unrelated things. First the "profit distribution" issue with Bob's S-Corp which is
Question: What debts are both partners liable for in a 'community property' state? Answer: I know one piece of information that can help you (in a macabe sort of way)
Question: Paying restaurants in cash instead of credit card - how signficant is this? Answer: Credit cards charge about 2% fee from merchants. This is already priced into the restaurant
Question: What is the benefit of investing in retirement plan versus investing directly in stocks yourself? Answer: @Victor above has provided a very good answer, I shall try and highlight
Question: Pay down on second mortage when underwater? Answer: I think everyone else answered before you added the info about your car loan in your comment. While it makes sense
Question: Walking away from an FHA loan Answer: One additional penalty is you will be put on the CAIVRS ("cavers") for your default on the FHA mortgage which will preclude
Question: Iraqi Dinars. Bad Investment, or Worst Investment? Answer: Iraq is a US vassal/puppet state. I'm not sure what 500 South Vietnamese Dong were worth in 1972, but today the
Question: What forms of payment am I compelled to accept? Answer: The confusion comes from ambiguity in popular belief -- that businesses are required to accept x_y_x as payment. In
Question: Will Indian young ones lose 18% of their EPF with new tax as per Budget 2016? Answer: Are these calculations correct? These are approximate calculations and are with the
Question: Is it better to buy this used car from Craigslist or from a dealership? Answer: The 200K vehicle is likely the better deal. Get your own mechanic to check
Question: Do my 401k/Roth accounts benefit from compounding? Answer: During the course of the year, the S&P individual stocks will have some dividends. Not every last stock but a good
Question: What argument(s) support the claim that long-term housing prices trend upward? Answer: The Shiller data is inflation adjusted. In effect, a flat line means that long term, housing rises
Question: Possible replacement for Quicken Answer: It has a bit of a learning curve, but I like GNU Cash. (And since it open source, it's free!)
Question: How to mitigate the risk of Euro Stoxx 50 ETF? Answer: While you would reduce risk by diversifying into other stock ETFs across the world, Developed Market returns (and
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: Making extra principal payments will reduce the term of your loan. I wouldn't sign up for a biweekly schedule, just do
Question: Credit balance on new credit card Answer: Things are generally fine. A credit balance is not a horrible thing. The argument against maintaining a credit balance is that you
Question: Real estate agent best practice Answer: This question is a bit off-topic, might be better moved to another SE site. But I'll answer anyway: Sounds like the problem is
Question: How and why does the exchange rate of a currency change almost everyday? Answer: It's simply supply and demand. First, demand: If you're an importer trying to buy from
Question: What's the difference when asked for "debit or credit" by a store when using credit and debit cards? Answer: Credit in debit way - the card simply functions like
Question: How much money do I need to have saved up for retirement? Answer: One common rule of thumb: you can probably get 4% or better returns on your investments
Question: Why I can't view my debit card pre-authorized amounts? Answer: The simplest answer to why you can't see it in your online statement is a design/business decision that was
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: Stockpile? No. Keep a few around? Sure, if you are a collector. I used to collect pennies and I thought the steel pennies from
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: First--congratulations! I certainly wish I could create something worth buying for $1.4 million. In addition to what @duffbeer703 recommended, consider putting
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: My suggestion would be that you're looking at this the wrong way, though for good reasons. Once you are a
Question: Are long-term bonds risky assets? Answer: In truth there is no such thing as a risk-free asset. That is why your textbook feels the need to add the qualifier
Question: Landlord living in rental unit - tax implications? Answer: A tenant is a tenant regardless of your relationship to them, and as long as the property is classified as
Question: What are my investment options in Australia? Answer: If you want higher returns you may have to take on more risk. From lowest returns (and usually lower risk) to
Question: How to find a public company's balance sheet and income statement? Answer: Filter by the filings when you look at the search results. The 10-K will include the annual
Question: A merchant requests that checks be made out to "Cash". Should I be suspicious? Answer: There are legitimate reasons: I wouldn't jump the gun and assume that this person
Question: How do freight derivatives like Forward Freight Agreements (FFAs) work? Answer: The product descriptions for FFA swaps and options can be found here: http://www.lchclearnet.com/freight/ffas/products.asp The index (e.g. the BFA)
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: I would strongly try to influence circumstances so that buying is feasible. That means: Buy something
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: How complicated is your budget? We have a fairly in depth excel spreadsheet that does
Question: Mutual Fund with Dividends Answer: Funds built of dividend-paying stocks are normally called income funds.
Question: Where can I buy stocks if I only want to invest a little bit at a time, and not really be involved in trading? Answer: There's a few options
Question: Why not just invest in the market? Answer: Let me start by giving you a snippet of a report that will floor you. Beat the market? Investors lag the
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: You can open a 529 plan for your child. The minimum contribution for my state is only $25. You
Question: Supply & Demand - How Price Changes, Buy Orders vs Sell Orders [duplicate] Answer: That is mostly true, in most situations when there are more buy orders than sell
Question: Different ways of looking at P/E Ratio vs EPS Answer: Check your math... "two stocks, both with a P/E of 2 trading at $40 per share lets say, and
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: As a new graduate, aside from the fact
Question: Does reading financial statements (quarterly or annual reports) really help investing? Answer: Yes, especially if you are a value investor. The importance and relevance of financial statements depends on
Question: Why invest in IRA while a low-cost index fund is much simpler? Answer: The advantage of an IRA (or 401k) is you get taxed effectively one time on your
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: An Xbox currently sells for $200 but you don't have the money right now to buy
Question: 5/1 ARM: Lifetime cap, First Adjustment Cap, Margin, and Annual Cap? Answer: If the base rate is USD LIBOR, you can compute this data directly on my website, which
Question: Is freelance income earned by a U.S. citizen while living abroad subject to state income tax? Answer: No state taxes, but Italy also has a favorable treaty with the
Question: When a stock price goes down, does the money just disappears into thin air? Answer: At any given time there are buy orders and there are sell orders. Typically
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: A lot of people have already explained that your assumptions are the issue, but
Question: What price can *I* buy IPO shares for? Answer: It depends a large part on your broker's relationship with the issuing bank how early you can participate in the
Question: Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again? Answer: You're definitely not the first to pose this question. During the peak of the housing crisis I
Question: How to invest in a currency increasing in value relative to another? Answer: What you're looking for are either FX Forwards or FX Futures. These products are traded differently
Question: What will happen when a bid price is higher than an ask price? Answer: It depends on the sequence in which the order [bid and ask] were placed. Please
Question: Can an IRA be taxed? Answer: The Motley Fool article is correct that if you earn UBTI over $1000, you will need to pay the tax, even if held
Question: As director, can I invoice my self-owned company? Answer: No, as a director normally you can't. As a director of a Limited company, all those payments should be accounted
Question: Why Gamma is highest for an option that is at the money Answer: Yes, you've got it right. The change in price is less meaningful as the instrument is
Question: Personal credit card for business expenses Answer: Do you have a separate bank account for your business? That is generally highly recommended. I have a credit card for my
Question: Strategy to minimize taxes due to unpaid wages? Answer: Can I write off the $56,000 based on demand letters? Or do I need to finish suing him to write-off
Question: Company stock listed in multiple exchanges? Answer: listed simultaneously in New York, London, and maybe even some Asian markets - is this correct? If the exchanges are not connected,
Question: What are some sources of information on dividend schedules and amounts? Answer: You can use Yahoo! Finance to pull this information in my use. It is listed under Key
Question: When to buy and sell bonds Answer: Why does the yield go up if the country is economically unstable? The yield will rise when instability increases because the risk
Question: How do I choose 401k investment funds? Answer: I disagree strongly with chasing expenses. Don't chase pennies until your are comfortable with an allocation that makes sense to you.
Question: Is there such a thing as a non-FDIC savings account, which earns better interest? Answer: Everyone would like a savings/checking account that has the same liquidity as others but
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: I think the one single answer is that the answer depends on the two countries involved and
Question: Can a shareholder be liable in case of bankruptcy of one of the companies he invested in? Answer: In an open corporation scenario a stock holder may well be
Question: How to reconcile performance with dividends? Answer: You didn't identify the fund but here is the most obvious way: Some of the stocks they owned could had dividends. Therefore
Question: What exactly is a "bad," "standard," or "good" annual raise? If I am told a hard percentage and don't get it, should I look elsewhere? Answer: Keep in mind
Question: why is the money withdrawn from traditional IRA taxed at the ordinary income tax rate? Answer: It would be fairer to the average person if we paid our normal
Question: Currently sole owner of a property. My girlfriend is looking to move in with me and is offering to pay 'rent'. Am I at risk here? Answer: Edit #2
Question: How to buy stock on the Toronto Stock Exchange? Answer: While most all Canadian brokers allow us access to all the US stocks, the reverse is not true. But
Question: I've got $100K to invest over the next 2 to 7 years. What are some good options? Answer: Well, a proper answer needs a few more details: 1) What's
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: You can try Wave Accounting. Its a free software for Small Business and web-based. http://waveaccounting.com/
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: Some banks would allow you to export your transactions as CSV (they call it Excel export, but in
Question: Why does a company's stock price affect its ability to raise debt? Answer: As JB hints, it is likely due to superior or improving, fundamentals. If the fundamentals of
Question: Find out the difference between two stocks of the same company (how to identify ADRs, etc) Answer: Generally, when I run across this kind of situation, I look for
Question: Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan? Answer: You may not have a good choice until you start that job. $2,000 is awfully low for a
Question: UK Resident exploring freelance work for a Swiss Company Answer: You will need to register as self-employed aka sole trader (that's the whole point: pay taxes on income that
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Shareholders get to vote for the board, the board appoints the CEO.
Question: Good books for learning about tax strategy/planning Answer: Keep in mind that chasing after tax savings tends to not be a good way of saving money. What is a
Question: I have an extra 1000 per month, what should I do with it? Answer: Congratulations on getting started in life! John Malloy's (American) research suggests that you should take
Question: Should I "hedge" my IRA portfolio with a life cycle / target date mutual fund? Answer: I like that you are hedging ONLY the Roth IRA - more than
Question: Can I transfer money from a personal pension to a SIPP, while leaving the original pension open? Answer: Just to aid your searching, note that what your employer has
Question: If I invest in securities denominated in a foreign currency, should I hedge my currency risk? Answer: As the other answer already states, whether you should or shouldn't currency-hedge
Question: How do I protect money above the FDIC coverage limit? Answer: Be very careful to hold on tight to your money! I agree with paying for an investment advisor,
Question: If a country can just print money, is global debt between countries real? Answer: Debt can be denominated either in a currency the country controls or a currency the
Question: Are there any investment strategies which take advantage of an in-the-money option price that incorporates no "time value"? Answer: Options can have a negligible time premium. For American1 calls
Question: Exercise an out of the money option Answer: For listed options in NYSE,CBOE, is it possible for an option holder to exercise an option even if it is not
Question: Uncashed paycheck 13 years old Answer: Even going to small claims court the burden would be on you to prove that they never paid you. The 13 year gap
Question: What can I expect to pay when meeting my first financial planner? Answer: A complete analysis of your current situation, goals, and formulating a plan to meet those goals,
Question: Why does Yahoo Finance's data for a Vanguard fund's dividend per share not match the info from Vanguard? Answer: In the context of EDV, 4.46 is the indicated dividend
Question: How can risk-reward relationship exist, since the losses due to the risk should offset the reward? Answer: In an "efficient" investment market the amount of risk premium would EXACTLY
Question: Who buys variable annuities? Answer: An annuity makes sense in a few different scenarios: In general, they are not the best deal around (and are often ripoffs), and will
Question: Getting started in stock with one special field of activity Answer: Investing only in one industry may be problematic as it is highly correlated. There are factor outside your
Question: Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing? Answer: If you just want to save for retirement, start with a financial planning
Question: When should I open a "Line of credit" at my bank? Answer: With the information you have given, I would say never. Remember the banker is a salesman, and
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: If the government prints money recklessly and causes inflation, people will come to expect inflation, and the value of
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: Personal story here: I ended up at the Santa Monica hospital without insurance and left with a
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: The other answers here do an excellent job of laying out the mathematics of the
Question: Why would refinancing my mortgage increase my PMI, even though rates are lower? Answer: There are deals out there which allow refinancing up to 125% of appraised value so
Question: Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets? Answer: I would add to your reasons: Would you mow an entire lawn with a string trimmer just because
Question: How to find if a public company has taken out a loan? Answer: Somewhat. The balance sheet will include liabilities which as Michael Kjrling points out would tell you
Question: What is a Discount Called in the Context of a Negative Interest Rate? Answer: Negative Yields on Bonds is opposite of Getting profit on your investment. This is some
Question: Sleazy Bait and Switch Marketing  Is this legal? Answer: But.. what I really want to know.... is it illegal, particularly the clause REQUIRING a trade in to qualify
Question: Can you beat the market by investing in double long ETFs? [duplicate] Answer: If the index goes up every single day during your investment, you would indeed be better
Question: What can I expect to pay when meeting my first financial planner? Answer: My suggestion would be to ask the planner as an initial question as there could be
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: it seems you have 3 concerns:
Question: What does APR mean I'm paying? Answer: Banks have to disclose up front the Annual Percentage Rate or interest rate that will be charged if you have an outstanding
Question: Analyze a security using Benjamin Graham's Defensive Investor Criteria Answer: Everything you are doing is fine. Here are a few practical notes in performing this analysis: Find all the
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: Remember, the card company gets a percentage at the time of purchase, as well as
Question: Which US market indexes (Dow/DJIA, S&P500, NASDAQ) include reinvested dividends? Answer: .INX (the S&P 500 index itself) does not include reinvested dividens. You can figure total return by going
Question: How should I report my RSUs in my tax return Answer: Your employer should send you a statement with this information. If they didn't, you should still be able
Question: Relative worth of investment versus spending for the economy Answer: I believe you're looking for some sort of formula that will determine how changes in savings, investing, and spending
Question: What types of receipts do I need to keep for itemized tax deductions? Answer: I would say to only bother keeping the ones you know you'll use for itemized
Question: Buy stock in Canadian dollars or US? Answer: General advice for novice investors is to have the majority of your holdings be denominated in your home currency as this
Question: Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia Answer: You could of course request payment in EUR or USD, maybe keep a PayPal account and just leave the funds in
Question: Do individual stocks have futures trading Answer: Things very similar to the idea of a "future" that routinely apply to single stocks are "warrants" and "options".
Question: Married, 55, grown kids: Should I buy life insurance, or invest in stocks? The ultimate decision Answer: If I were in your shoes, I would invest conservatively fully aware
Question: How much is university projected to cost in Canada in 18 years? Answer: Here's a great Canadian college/university cost calculator I used; found at Canadian Business - they say:
Question: Over how much time should I dollar-cost-average my bonus from cash into mutual funds? Answer: Canadian Couch Potato has an article which is somewhat related. Ask the Spud: Can
Question: My Boss owes money but I am named on letter from debt collection agency (UK) Answer: You havent signed a contract, so you are only an authorised contact so
Question: Avoiding sin stock: does it make a difference? Answer: This question drives at what value a shareholder actually provides to a corporation, and by extent, to the economy. If
Question: Can a stock exchange company actually go bust? Answer: A stock exchange is a marketplace where people can bring their goods [shares] to be traded. There are certain rules.
Question: Is there any benefit to investing in an index fund? Answer: Index funds may invest either in index components directly or in other instruments (like ETFs, index options, futures,
Question: Is it smart to only invest in mid- and small-cap stock equity funds in my 401(k)? Answer: The benefit of the 401K and IRAs are that reallocating and re
Question: Trying to figure out my student loans Answer: Is there anything here I should be deathly concerned about? A concern I see is the variable rate loans. Do you
Question: Withdrawing cash from investment: take money from underperforming fund? Answer: It looks like the advice the rep is giving is based primarily on the sunk cost fallacy; advice based
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: Request verification in writing of the debt. They are required to provide this by law. Keep this for
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: Others have mentioned the exchange rate, but this can play out in various ways. One thing we've
Question: Is investing exlusively in a small-cap index fund a wise investment? Answer: If the OP is saving 33% if his/her current income, he/she doesn't want or need yet more
Question: Do other countries have the equivalent of Australia's Negative Gearing? Answer: I would say similar rules apply in the US. If you have a net loss from rental property,
Question: Will a small investment in a company net a worthwhile gain? Answer: If you bought 5 shares @ $20 each that would cost you $100 plus brokerage. Even if
Question: Why buy a vertical spread if I could instead buy a naked call? Answer: Figured it out. Vertical spreads significantly reduce the amount of "buying power" on the account
Question: Is there a widely recognized bond index? Answer: The iShares Barclays Aggregate Bond - ticker AGG, is a ETF that may fit the bill for you. It's an intermediate
Question: How much should I be contributing to my 401k given my employer's contribution? Answer: First - yes, take the 2.5%. It could be better, but it's better than many
Question: When a stock price goes down, does the money just disappears into thin air? Answer: Price and value are two different things. Price is determined by supply and demand.
Question: Comparing ETFs following the same index Answer: The key two things to consider when looking at similar/identical ETFs is the typical (or 'indicative') spread, and the trading volume and
Question: Taking partial capital loss purely for tax purposes Answer: When a question is phrased this way, i.e. "for tax purposes" I'm compelled to advise - Don't let the tax
Question: Investment Portfolio Setup for beginner Answer: Some thoughts: 1) Do you have a significant emergency fund (3-6 months of after-tax living expenses)? If not, you stand to take a
Question: Why would a bank take a lower all cash offer versus a higher offer via conventional lending? Answer: @OP: It's all about risk. With a cash buyer the decision
Question: Is it possible to know the probability that a trade is successful? Answer: No. Like Keshlam said, unless you have a crystal ball there is no sure thing. However
Question: How does unemployment insurance work? Answer: Unemployment insurance provides a temporary safety net to workers who lose their jobs by replacing a portion of their salary for certain periods.
Question: Why don't brokerages charge commissions on forex trades? Answer: Simply because forex brokers earn money from the spread that they offer you. Spread is the difference between buyers and
Question: Can I cash a cashier's check at any bank? Answer: The classic Nigerian scam involves sending fraudulent cashier's checks to unwitting recipients who then deposit them in their account.
Question: Are there guidelines for whom you should trust for financial advice (online, peer, experts, only myself, etc) Answer: You need to understand how various entities make their money. Once
Question: What's "wrong" with taking money from your own business? Answer: If you are the only owner: then morally there is nothing wrong with this, as long as you make
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: Keep in mind that it's a cliche statement used as non-controversial filler in articles, not some universal truth. When you were
Question: Are services provided to Google employees taxed as income or in any way? Answer: These services and other employee perks are referred to as fringe benefits. An employee "fringe
Question: Calculating the Free Cash Flow (FCF) Answer: First, don't use Yahoo's mangling of the XBRL data to do financial analysis. Get it from the horse's mouth: http://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html Search for
Question: Net Cash Flows from Selling the Bond and Investing Answer: Borrow the overpriced bond promising to repay the lender $1000 in one year. Sell the bond immediately for $960.
Question: How to find historical stock price for a de-listed or defunct company? Answer: Such data is typically only available from paid sources due to the amount of research involved
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: The compound interest argument is a good one. While you are young, it is important to save, since time
Question: What do I do with a P11D Expenses & Benefits form? Answer: The P11D is a record of the total benefits you've received in a tax year that haven't
Question: Why did my number of shares of stock decrease? Answer: During a stock split the only thing that changes is the number of shares outstanding. Typically a stock splits
Question: Are buying and selling futures based on objective data? Answer: If you're simply a futures speculator, then yes, it does seem like gambling. If you're a farmer producing a
Question: An online casino owes me money and wants to pay with a wire transfer. Is this safe? Answer: Someone online asking for your bank account info never has your
Question: Should I include retirement funds in calculating my asset allocation? Answer: I separate them out, simply because they're for different purposes, with different goals and time-frames, and combining them
Question: How do I calculate ownership percentage for shared home ownership? Answer: Once your sister and you make your first payments, you've paid $20,645, and your sister has paid $1400.
Question: Accepting high volatility for high long-term returns Answer: This is basically what financial advisers have been saying for years...that you should invest in higher risk securities when you are
Question: How can I raise finance to build a home for my family Answer: Wanting save enough money to purchase a home is an issue that a lot of people
Question: Why is the total 401(k) contribution limit (employee + employer) so high? Answer: Because 401k's are also used by self employed. A person who has a schedule C profitable
Question: Who determines, and how, the composition of the S&P 500 index? Answer: The S&P 500 index is maintained by S&P Dow Jones Indices, a division of McGraw Hill Financial.
Question: What does it mean that stocks are "memoryless"? Answer: This is an interesting question that may actually be better suited to Quant.SE. First of all, stock prices are random
Question: Teaching school kids about money - what are the real life examples of math, budgeting, finance? Answer: My education on this topic at this age range was a little
Question: How do I choose between buying a car or buying a plot of land in Pakistan? Answer: Your question has an interesting mix of issues. ASAP and 3-4 years
Question: Is there a correlation between self-employment and wealth? Answer: The key to becoming wealthy as a self-employed person is the drive to be successful. A driven person, who starts
Question: Covered Call Writing - What affects the price of the options? Answer: There are some excellent responses to this question at the time of this post. I have had
Question: Can stockholders choose NOT to elect a board of directors? Answer: Under SarbanesOxley, no. There are specific responsibilities vested in the board members. Without a CEO and a CFO,
Question: The equivalent of the standing order in the internet age for the UK specifically Answer: A standing order is still the right way to do this. Most bank accounts
Question: Ways to invest my saved money in Germany in a halal way? Answer: What is actually a halal investment? Your definition of halal investment is loose and subject to
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: There are a couple of things to consider. First, in order to avoid interest charges you generally just need to pay
Question: Why does my car loan interest go up despite making payments on-time? Answer: Interest is calculated daily. Doing the math: Between 6-17 and 7-25 are 38 days, 200.29 /
Question: Is threatening to close the account a good way to negotiate with the bank? Answer: If this matters to you a lot, I agree you should leave. My primary
Question: How can I calculate total return of stock with partial sale? Answer: Treat each position or partial position as a separate LOT. Each time you open a position, a
Question: How to calculate the standard deviation of stock returns? Answer: For implied volatility it is okey to use Black and scholes but what to do with the historical volatility
Question: What is the difference between shares and ETF? Answer: A mutual fund has several classes of shares that are charged different fees. Some shares are sold through brokers and
Question: How can I figure out how a stock's price would change after I buy shares? Answer: It is unlikely that buying 100 shares will have any effect on a
Question: Deposit a cheque in an alternative name into a personal bank account (Australia) Answer: Banks has to complete KYC. In case you want to open a bank account, most
Question: Could an ex-employee of a company find themself stranded with shares they cannot sell (and a tax bill)? Answer: they are entirely free to do whatever they want with
Question: Why I can't view my debit card pre-authorized amounts? Answer: No money is stolen. They don't show you the hold for whatever reason (not so good a bank?), but
Question: Sale of jointly owned stock Answer: It depends on when, where and how the account was setup. If the state has an UGMA (Uniform Gift to Minors) law, the
Question: Paying taxes on dividends even though your capital gains were $0? Answer: In the US, and in most other countries, dividends are considered income when paid, and capital gains/losses
Question: Why so much noise about USA's credit rating being lowered? Answer: Because the USA is the world's biggest economy - everybody in the world works with the USA (even
Question: How to sell a worthless option Answer: The market maker will always take it off your hands. Just enter a market sell order. It will cost you a commission
Question: Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market? Answer: Below is a list of rules that will help you to decide what types of
Question: Should I take out a bigger mortgage, or pay a greater cash deposit? Answer: At a minimum, I would save 20-30k, because you need to have both a safety
Question: When is the best time to put a large amount of assets in the stock market? Answer: Trying to "time the market" is usually a bad idea. People who
Question: How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down? Answer: According to Soros in "The Alchemy of Finance", exchange rates fluctuations are mostly
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: That ain't nothing. It's really easy to get "whipped up" into a
Question: Using multiple bank accounts Answer: There is nothing conceptually wrong with it. If you like it that way, go ahead. The only thing to watch out for is bank
Question: Why don't more people run up their credit cards and skip the country? Answer: Because most people aren't willing to sacrifice their ability to live in the US for
Question: How can an Indian citizen get exposure to global markets? Answer: It isn't just ETFs, you have normal mutual funds in India which invest internationally. This could be convenient
Question: Will depositing $10k+ checks each month raise red flags with the IRS? Answer: Contractors regularly deposit checks like this; if the income is legitimate don't worry. Report it to
Question: How does Yahoo finance adjust stock data for splits and dividends? Answer: Yahoo's "Adj Close" data is adjusted for splits, but not for dividends. Despite Yahoo's webpage's footnote saying
Question: What should we consider when withdrawing a large amount of money from a bank account? Answer: withdraw in cash - bank reports it to IRS no matter what. Would
Question: What pension options are there for a 22 year old graduate in the UK? Answer: Major things to consider: If you're expecting to look at the property market: it
Question: Why are residential investment properties owned by non-professional investors and not large corporations? Answer: Because the returns are not good. One of the big drivers in Australia is "negative
Question: For a mortgage down-payment, what percentage is sensible? Answer: The typical down-payment was expected to be 20%. The idea being that if one could not save 1/5 of the
Question: Investments beyond RRSP and TFSA, in non-registered accounts? Answer: I quite like the Canadian Couch Potato which provides useful information targeted at investors in Canada. They specifically provide some
Question: How can I withdraw money from my LLC? Answer: Generally, unless you explicitly elect otherwise, LLCs are transparent when it comes to taxes. So the money in the LLC
Question: What can I take from learning that a company's directors are buying or selling shares? Answer: A pattern of high level people buying or selling is a sign, positive
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I started this off as a comment to Joe's answer, but it got rather messy in that form so I'll
Question: What's so hard about a mutual fund manager pricing their mutual fund? Answer: Remember that in most news outlets journalists do not get to pick the titles of their
Question: Help required on estimating SSA benefit amounts Answer: There has been an abundance of articles in recent years which make it fairly clear that many participants in the Social
Question: How do I adjust to a new social class? Answer: The prices reflect what the market will bear. People have more money, things will likely cost more. Think of
Question: What happens if the term insurance company closes? Answer: This depends on the jurisdiction, but such companies are typically subject to regulations (and audits) that require them to keep
Question: What is inflation? Answer: Inflation refers to the money supply. Think of all money being air in a balloon. Inflation is what happens when you blow more air in
Question: Self assessment expenses - billing date or payment date? Answer: Unless you're running a self-employed business with a significant turnover (more than 150k), you are entitled to use cash
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: If your credit is good, you should immediately attempt to refinance your high rate credit cards by
Question: What is buying pressure? Answer: Buying pressure means there are more interested buyers than there are ready sellers putting upward pressure on prices. That might include institutional buyers who
Question: Buying a house 50/50 Answer: I don't like it using percentages makes no sense. Find out what market value is for rent and pay 1/2 of that to your
Question: How to invest in a currency increasing in value relative to another? Answer: Forex trading contracts are generally fairly short dated as you mention. Months to weeks. Professional forex
Question: Small investing for spending money? Answer: Congrats on saving the money but unfortunately, you're looking for a 24% annual rate of return and that's not "reasonable" to expect. $200
Question: Whole life insurance - capped earnings Answer: The question that I walk away with is "What is the cost of the downside protection?" Disclaimer - I don't sell anything.
Question: How does the spread on an orderbook affect shorting? Answer: A bid is an offer to buy something on an order book, so for example you may post an
Question: If I'm going to start doing my own taxes soon, do I need to start keeping receipts for everything? Answer: You need receipts only if you claim deductions in
Question: What is a mutual fund? Answer: Let's say that you want to invest in the stock market. Choosing and investing in only one stock is risky. You can lower
Question: Upward Spike in US Treasuries despite S&P Downgrade in August 2011 Answer: US government bonds are where money goes when the markets are turbulent and investors are fleeing from
Question: Are there online brokers in the UK which don't require margin account? Answer: Disclosure: I am working for an aggregation startup business called Brokerchooser, that is matching the needs
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: Here are the reasons I did not lease my current car. When you lease, you're
Question: Do credit checks affect credit scores? Answer: While one credit provider (or credit reference agency) might score you in one way, others may score you differently including treating different
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: How did the house pass to them? Was it held in Trust?
Question: Is it better to buy US stocks on US stock exchanges as a European? Answer: No, there are neither advantages nor disadvantages. I'll take on this question from an
Question: Having a separate bank account for business/investing, but not a "business account?" Answer: When I was younger I had a problem with Washington Mutual. Someone had deposited a check
Question: In a house with shared ownership, if one person moves out and the other assumes mortgage, how do we determine who owns what share in the end? Answer: The
Question: Ex-dividend date and time zones Answer: Ex-Date is a function of the exchange, as well as the dividend. Consider Deutsche Bank AG, DB on the NYSE, DKR on Xetra.
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: I keep it simple. Here's what I learned when I took Personal Financial Planning: Insurance is for low likelihood, high-impact events.
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: Use the $11k to pay down either car loan (your choice). You should be
Question: Tracking the Madrid Interbank Offered Rate (MIBOR) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) Answer: For Euribor Nothing seems to exist for MIBOR, except maybe the Spanish stock exchange.
Question: Does a US LLC need to file taxes if owned by a foreign citizen? Answer: There is no such thing as double taxation. If you pay tax in the
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: This is a "stress" period, much like the 1930s and 1970s. At a time like this, it is
Question: US tax - effectively connected income Answer: ECI is relevant to non-resident aliens who are engaged in trade or business in the US. For that, you have to be
Question: Does freedom to provide services allow me contracting in Germany without paying taxes there (but in my home EU country)? Answer: You're free to provide services, but if you
Question: Is it accurate to say that if I was to trade something, my probability of success can't be worse than random? Answer: Don't compare investing with a roll of
Question: Long-term capital gain taxes on ETFs? Answer: Generally speaking, each year, mutual funds distribute to their shareholders the dividends that are earned by the stocks that they hold and
Question: In the USA, why is the Free File software only available for people earning less than $62k? Answer: Free File is not software by the IRS. Free File is
Question: What is the effect of options expiration on equity pricing? Answer: Institutions and market makers tend to try and stay delta neutral, meaning that for every options contract they
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: I'm not a financial expert, but saying that paying a $1
Question: How should I think about stock dividends? Answer: Different stocks balance dividend versus growth differently. Some have relatively flat value but pay a strong dividend -- utility stocks used
Question: Are there any countries where citizens are free to use any currency? Answer: Wikipedia has a list of countries which ban foreign exchange use by its citizens. It's actually
Question: Can I invest in the housing market via the stock exchange? Answer: You could look into an index fund or ETF that invests primarily in Real Estate Investment Trusts
Question: How can I find/compare custodians for my HSA in the United States? Answer: The account I have found that works best as a HSA is Alliant Credit Union. They
Question: Exercises of employee share options Answer: Many companies (particularly tech companies like Atlassian) grant their employees "share options" as part of their compensation. A share option is the right
Question: Why do interest rates increase or decrease? Answer: My answer is specific to the US because you mentioned the Federal Reserve, but a similar system is in place in
Question: Need your help and suggestion Answer: How much amount can we transfer from India to the USA? Is the limit per year? As I understand your father in law
Question: Why is company provided health insurance tax free, but individual health insurance is not? Answer: This probably is a question that belongs on History but here's the basic reason:
Question: How do dividend reinvestment purchases work? Answer: Many brokers administer their own dividend reinvestment plans. In this case, on dividend payment date, they automatically buy from the market on
Question: Bid-ask price Question Answer: (12 * 100) * 1.01 = 1212 Assuming the $12 ask can absorb your whole 100 share order.
Question: Homeowners: How can you protect yourself from a financial worst-case scenario? Answer: Honestly, the best way to manage this risk is to manage your savings appropriately. Many experts recommend
Question: Why do grocery stores in the U.S. offer cash back so eagerly? Answer: The reason is, stores want customers to use cash. By giving us cash, we are more
Question: Negatives to increased credit card spending limit? [duplicate] Answer: The one big drawback I know is when you take the mortgage credit, your credit ability is calculated, and from
Question: Risk to Reward Ratio Calculation Answer: If you plan to take profit at $1.00 then your profit will be $40. Then, if you set your stop at $0.88 then
Question: How to use a companion fare if the total fare cost is more than the companion fare limit Answer: You must buy both tickets in 1 transaction and the
Question: Help required on estimating SSA benefit amounts Answer: The social security administration has a webpage to get your Social Security estimate. It replaces the yearly estimate they used to
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: Personally, I have been in that situation too often that now I am selling at the
Question: Where are Bogleheadian World ETFs or Index funds? Answer: You weren't really clear about where you are in the world, what currency you are using and what you want
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: I get my credit scores from all three bureaus for free - no gimmick. I use a
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: Provide you are willing to do a bit of work each month, you should apply for a "rewards checking"
Question: 30% share in business Answer: Keep in mind a good lawyer will have the contract cover the five D's: Its really best to lay these things out ahead of
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: If you're not rich, investing money will produce very small return, and is a waste of your resources. If
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: You said 2 things that made me think you are one of the rare young couples barely making
Question: Selling Stock - All or Nothing? Answer: When my orders fill, I'll often see a 1000 shares go through over 4-6 transactions, with a few cents difference high to
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: Nobody has mentioned your "risk tolerance" and "investment horizon" for this money. Any answer should take into account whether
Question: How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock? Answer: I would not hold any company stock for the company that provides your income.
Question: What does a high theta mean for an option position? Answer: Option prices consist of two parts: the intrinsic value (the difference between the strike and the current price
Question: Who buys variable annuities? Answer: Two types of people: (1) Suckers (2) People who feel that investment advisors/brokers make too little money and want to help out by paying
Question: Explain the details and benefits of rebalancing a retirement portfolio? Answer: Rebalancing your portfolio doesn't have to include selling. You could simply adjust your buying to keep your portfolio
Question: Indian resident owning dividend-paying shares in company based in France: Can I save on withholding tax? Answer: France taxes capital / dividend gains accrued in France. Hence you will
Question: Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance? Answer: Yes, the distinction between how your funds are applied to principal vs interest
Question: Does dollar cost averaging apply when moving investments between fund families? Answer: As mentioned by others, dollar cost averaging is just a fancy term for how many shares your
Question: Where can I invest for the Short Term and protect against Inflation? Answer: If you are concerned about inflation, here are a couple of "TIPS". You can buy a
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: While the other answers try to quantify the value of health care the question you ask is about
Question: What risks are there acting as a broker between PayPal and electronic bank transfers? Answer: I too received a "job offer" from this CENEO outfit but mine was a
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: I walked into my sister's new Rausch Coleman house this afternoon to help her
Question: Why would analysts recommend buying companies with negative net income? Answer: Companies in their earliest stages will likely not have profits but do have the potential for profits. Thus,
Question: US Banks offering Security Tokens in 2012 Answer: Bank of America "safe-pass" generates a code that is sent to your phone as a text message. Its an optional feature,
Question: Where do online stock brokers get their real-time data from? Answer: As another answer started, this information comes straight from an exchange and generally costs a fortune . .
Question: Tax Form 1099 and hourly worker do i file a W-2 if my employer filed the 1099 for me? Answer: Forms 1099 and W2 are mutually exclusive. Employers file
Question: Why government bonds fluctuate so much, even though interest rates don't change that often? Answer: Long term gov't bonds fluctuate in price with a seemingly small interest rate fluctuation
Question: Having trouble with APR calculation Answer: I have answered your question in detail here https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12396422/apr-calculation-formula The annuity formula in FDIC document is at first finding PVIFAD present value annuity
Question: Legitimate unclaimed property that doesn't appear in any state directory? Answer: It's true that most states have limits on what finders can charge if the listing is in state
Question: Understanding the T + 3 settlement days rule Answer: The key word you forgot to include from Slide 29 is: Free-Riding Investopedia defines free-riding as: In the context of
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: I see three areas of concern for your budget: This is way high. I am not sure how
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: Regardless of your circumstances, the amount of money you should put into a car is
Question: Does a stock's price represent current liquidation of all shares? Answer: What if everyone decided to sell all the shares at a given moment, let's say when the stock
Question: What's the most conservative split of financial assets for my portfolio in today's market? Answer: This is a somewhat complicated question because it really depends on your personal situation.
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: While it is not common, it is also not "uncommon." A subtle distinction. If you are poor,
Question: Can capital gains be used to fund an IRA with tax advantages? Answer: As littleadv suggested, you are mixing issues. If you have earned income and are able to
Question: Calculating the total capital of a company? Answer: Total Capital This is a very old fashioned term that really is mostly only used in the finance industry today, like
Question: About eToro investments Answer: For eToro, just like any other brokerage firm, you can lose your entire capital. I suggest that you invest in one or more exchange-traded funds
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: One significant reason it makes sense for filing to
Question: Dollar-cost averaging: How often should one use it? What criteria to use when choosing stocks to apply it to? Answer: Why do people keep talking about 401K's at work?
Question: Is investing in housing considered an adequate hedge against inflation? Answer: No, there is no linkage to the value of real estate and inflation. In most of the United
Question: What exactly is the interest rate that the Fed is going to adjust? Answer: While it is true that if the Federal reserve bank makes a change in their
Question: How to estimate a reasonable amount for a signing bonus? Answer: Signing bonuses are probably the most variable of all, as there is a general understanding that more personal
Question: Can I calculate stock value with Williams%R if I know the last set? Answer: William %R is a momentum indicator used for measuring overbought and oversold levels, it is
Question: Is it usual for a tradesperson not to charge VAT? Answer: Assuming this to be in the UK, and I suspect the rules are similar elsewhere, this indeed may
Question: Is selling put options an advisable strategy for a retiree to generate stable income? Answer: As you move toward retirement, your portfolio is supposed to move toward low risk,
Question: How and Should I Invest (As a college 18 year old with minimal living expenses)? Answer: While others have made a good case for how you may want to
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: Absolute scam. Any time anyone asks you to open a bank account so
Question: Mitigate Effects Of Credit With Tangible Money Answer: If you have no credit history but you have a job, buying an inexpensive used car should still be doable with
Question: Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed? Answer: The basic idea is that the average person can't deduct health care costs unless they're really onerous. But a business can, and
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: Vanguard has a Vanguard FTSE Social Index Fund. Their web page says
Question: If I have $1000 to invest in penny stocks online, should I diversify risk and invest in many of them or should I invest in just in one? Answer:
Question: Is there a term for total money owed to you? Answer: Is there a word for that $20k owed? Trade Receivables, Accounts Receivables, or just Receivables Is there a
Question: How did my number of shares get reduced? Answer: How can they reduce the number of shares I hold? They may have purchased them. You don't say what stock
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: Insurance rates are about assessing risk. If the insurer has no way to reliably and easily
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: I have abused 0% interest programs time and time again, but
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Others have already explained why lotteries have negative expected value, so in that sense it
Question: Remortgaging my home to release capital for second property Answer: I've had a hard time finding out details on remortgaging Help to Buy loans myself, but found one article
Question: What risk of a diversified portfolio can be specifically offset by options? Answer: As I stated in my comment, options are futures, but with the twist that you're allowed
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: The problem comes when the borrower cannot afford his home. If a borrower buys more home than they
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: What you have to remember is you are buying a piece of
Question: What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old? Answer: I don't like your strategy. Don't wait. Open an investment account today with a
Question: What margin is required to initiate and maintain a short sale Answer: Depends on the stock involved, but for the most part brokerages allow you gain entry at 50%,
Question: Can I sell a stock immediately? Answer: You can always trade at bid or ask price (depending if you are selling or buying). Market price is the price the
Question: I have savings and excess income. Is it time for me to find a financial advisor? Answer: Is my financial status OK? You have money for emergencies in the
Question: How do I track 401k rollovers in Quicken? Answer: You definitely should NOT do what you are doing now (#2) since this is not a reflection of what actually
Question: Why does it seem unnecessary to fully save for irregular periodic expenses? Answer: I think we'd need to look at actual numbers to see where you're running into trouble.
Question: Why is the regulation of "swaps" important to failing systemically significant institutions? Answer: Have you ever considered how much faith and confidence play a role in the financial sector?
Question: Roth vs. Whole Insurance vs. Cash Answer: Week after week, I make remarks regarding expenses within retirement accounts. A 401(k) with a 1% or greater fee is criminal, in
Question: What is the standard deviation and mean return of oil? Answer: Oil as a commodity or investing in oil companies as a stock? As a commodity, I'd recommend none.
Question: What are the differences between an investment mortgage and a personal mortgage? Answer: If you are going to live in the house for awhile, you can probably use a
Question: Can an immigrant get a mortgage in the us? Answer: There are two Questions: Financial institutions do not care about your nationality, only your ability to pay over time.
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: If you want to maximize your expected benefits, at minimal risk of financial repercussions or sleepless nights,
Question: Adding a 180 day expiration to checks Answer: While you can print that on the check, it isn't considered legally binding. If you are concerned about a check not
Question: Buy home and leverage roommates, or split rent? Answer: I've done this, both as one of the renters and (in a different house) as the landlord. I had roommates
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: In short (pun intended), the shareholder lending the shares does not believe that the shares will fall, even though the potential
Question: Car financed at 24.90%  what can I do? Answer: Anytime you borrow money at that rate, you are getting ripped off. One way to rectify this situation is
Question: How do you quantify investment risk? Answer: The question is: how do you quantify investment risk? As Michael S says, one approach is to treat investment returns as a
Question: Is it possible for US retail forex traders to trade exotic currencies? Answer: You are in a difficult situation because of US regulation, that is much more demanding to
Question: How can I remove the movement of the stock market as a whole from the movement in price of an individual share? Answer: I use StockCharts for spread charting.
Question: Basic mutual fund investment questions Answer: You asked 3 questions here. It's best to keep them separate as these are pretty distinct, different answers, and each might already have
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: Let me start out by saying I know your pain. One of the most important things to do is have the basics
Question: Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal? Answer: If it is true that for the same price, you could get a better place (or that for a
Question: Is it possible to influence a company's actions by buying stock? Answer: Energy Transfer Partners, LP (stock symbol ETP) is the parent company of Dakota Access LLC, the developer
Question: Buying a truck to write off on taxes Answer: Assuming your country is the United States there is. See schedule C line 9 and the corresponding instructions. There are
Question: I am the sole owner of an LLC. Does it make a difference if I file as an S-Corp or a sole-member LLC? Answer: Be careful of the other
Question: Why would I pick a specific ETF over an equivalent Mutual Fund? Answer: There are times when investing in an ETF is more convenient than a mutual fund. When
Question: Property Trust - who or what is the Owner? Answer: I am not a lawyer, and I am assuming trusts in the UK work similar to the way they
Question: Should I be filling out form W-9 for somebody I sold used equipment to? Answer: They are a business. You're not a corporation. They paid you more than $600
Question: Can I buy IPO stock during the pre-market trading on the day of IPO? Answer: The first moment of trading usually occurs even later than that. It may take
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: The stock will slowly gain that $1 during the year. Suppose
Question: Are there any dangers in publicly sharing my personal finance data? Answer: Status alone shouldn't be a problem. A fellow blogger publishes a blogger list at Rock Star Finance
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: How can someone use the account number to withdraw money without my consent? They can use your account number to game
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: Good tax people are expensive. If you are comfortable with numbers and computers,
Question: Is it possible to physically own a share certificate in a company? Answer: Yes, this is possible with some companies. When you buy shares of stock through a stock
Question: 401k Transfer After Business Closure Answer: You should probably consult an attorney. However, if the owner was a corporation/LLC and it has been officially dissolved, you can provide an
Question: How do you invest in real estate without using money? Answer: They're probably talking about flipping houses. The conventional wisdom when flipping is to purchase the property with a
Question: Why would a company have 2 listings on the same exchange? Answer: Some companies like Royal Dutch Shell have multiple share classes to suit the tax regimes in Holland
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: Wow. Just ... wow. We all must start where we are, I guess. The past is the past. There almost
Question: 1040 or 1040NR this time? Answer: Since you were a nonresident alien student on F-1 visa then you will be considered engaged in a trade or business in the
Question: Taxes, Puts and the Wash Rule Answer: There are different schools of thought. You can ask the IRS - and it would not surprise me if you got different
Question: FHA Reduction Notices From Third-Party Companies - Scam? Or Something To Consider? Answer: This is obviously a spam mail. Your mortgage is a public record, and mortgage brokers and
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: A Simple Rule to discern between good and bad debt: Does this mean you should never buy a
Question: How are the best way to make and save money at 22 years old Answer: Determine how much you are going to save first. Then determine where you can
Question: How to invest in stocks without using an intermediary like a broker? Can shares be bought direct? Answer: In theory you can buy shares directly from someone else who
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: My 0,02 - I probably live in the same country as you. Stop worrying. The
Question: Responsible investing - just a marketing trick? Answer: You are correct that, barring an equity capital raise, your money doesn't actually end up in the company. However, interest in
Question: How do brokerage firms make money? Answer: Regarding "Interest on idle cash", brokerage firms must maintain a segregated account on the brokerage firm's books to make sure that the
Question: Including the region where you live in your investment portfolio? Answer: Diversification is a risk-mitigation strategy. When you invest in equities, you generally get a higher rate of return
Question: How to account for personal baby sitter? Answer: You said your mother-in-law lives with you. Does she pay rent, or are you splitting the cost of housing? That would
Question: How does Robinhood stock broker make money? Answer: Charging very high prices for additional standard services: See Commission & Fees: https://brokerage-static.s3.amazonaws.com/assets/robinhood/legal/RHF%20Retail%20Commisions%20and%20Fees%20Schedule.pdf Link is down in the footer, to the
Question: How should my brother and I structure our real estate purchase? Answer: Were buying the home right over $200,000 so that means he will only need to put down
Question: Using simple moving average in Equity Answer: A shorter term MA would be used for short term changes in price whilst a long term MA would be used for
Question: What are the risks of Dividend-yielding stocks? Answer: One strategy to consider is a well-diversified index fund of equities. These have historically averaged 7-8% real growth. So withdrawing 3%
Question: What is the difference between FINRA share volume and NASDAQ share volume? Answer: Assuming the data you're referring to is this line: the difference might be related to the
Question: On paper I have 1 share in my company. How can I sell a smaller percentage of my company to another party? Answer: There are 2 basic ways to
Question: Is there a catch to offers of $100 when opening up a new checking account? Answer: There's no catch. Banks need to acquire customers just like any other business.
Question: How to transfer personal auto lease to business auto lease? Answer: See what the contract says about transfers or subleases. A lease is a credit agreement, so the lessor
Question: How credible is Stansberry's video "End of America"? Answer: If we postulate that there is at least some element of truth to the phrase 'A leopard does not change
Question: How to check the paypal's current exchange rate? Answer: FYI, just found this (https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/useragreement-full#8) "8.9 Currency Conversion Currency Conversion 2.5% added to the exchange rate The Currency Conversion spread
Question: 3-year horizon before trading up to next home: put windfall in savings, or pay off mortgage? Answer: A few points to consider - Welcome to Money.SE. This is not
Question: Is a "total stock market" index fund diverse enough alone? Answer: Good idea to stay only with VTI if you are 30. For 50, I recommend: 65% VTI 15%
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: I'll preface this with saying that I'm not a finance or real estate professional, this is just how I understand the
Question: Borrowing money and then investing it  smart or nart? Answer: Theory of Levered Investing Borrowing in order to increase investment exposure is a time-honored and legitimate activity. It's
Question: What is an ideal number of stock positions that I should have in my portfolio? Answer: There is no ideal number of stocks you should own. There are several
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: It could be money laundering. so: Answer 1: They didn't get
Question: How do I adjust to a new social class? Answer: Under what conditions did you move? My favourite method of judging prices objectively comes from concepts written in Your
Question: Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit? Answer: Let me offer what I did in a similar
Question: Missing 401(k) dividends Answer: Your investment is probably in a Collective Investment Trust. These are not mutual funds, and are not publicly traded. I.e. they are private to plan
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: Simply put, it makes sense from the moment you can afford the loss without negative
Question: What does APR mean I'm paying? Answer: Welcome to the world of personal finance. IMO, you are heading for trouble. To answer your question, the APR is the annual
Question: For a major expensive home renovation (e.g. addition, finished basement, or new kitchen) should one pay cash or finance with a loan? Would such a loan be "good" debt?
Question: Are index trackers subject to insolvency risk? Answer: The Financial Services Compensation Scheme says: Investments FSCS provides protection if an authorised investment firm is unable to pay claims against
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: If I understand you situation correctly, then the
Question: What are the advantages of a Swiss bank account? Answer: For an American it nearly impossible to open a Swiss bank account. Even a Swiss person want to open
Question: If I believe a stock is going to fall, what options do I have to invest on this? Answer: There are three ways to do this. So far the
Question: Relocating for first real job out of college? Answer: If the job looks good, I wouldn't let having to relocate stop you. Some companies will help you with relocation
Question: How are the $1 salaries that CEOs sometimes take considered legal? Answer: Part of your first link has this statement that I suspect you are missing: However, Section 13(a)(1)
Question: Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan? Answer: If you buy a new car, the odds that it will require repairs are fairly low, and if
Question: How dividend payout happens Answer: The ex-dividend date is the first date on which you may sell without losing your dividend. In this case that date is August 5th
Question: Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&P 500) when the index is at an all-time high? Answer: Here is, from Yahoo Finance, the S&P 500
Question: Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds? Answer: While nothing is guaranteed - any stock market
Question: What are your experiences with 'self directed' 401ks? Answer: I have managed two IRA accounts; one I inherited from my wife's 401K and my own's 457B. I managed actively
Question: How to properly do background check for future tenant in my own house? Answer: I am a realtor. For our rental business, we use a service that offers a
Question: In India, what is the difference between Dividend and Growth mutual fund types? Answer: The difference between dividend and growth in mutual funds has to do with the types
Question: How are derivatives different from bucket shops? Answer: How are derivatives like covered warrants or CFDs different from the bucket shops that were made illegal in the US? After
Question: What does it mean to invest in potatoes? Answer: comments discuss investing in potato futures. Learn / ready about commodity trading or commodity futures. An investopedia article How To
Question: Changing Mailing Adress Answer: If you call them, you can make sure they'll use the new address, but if you want to do it online, there is some risk
Question: If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money? Answer: I have been through default in Ukraine august 1998. That was a real nightmare.
Question: Are the guaranteed returns of regulated utilities really what they sound like? Answer: No. That return on equity number is a target that the regulators consider when approving price
Question: Did basically all mutual funds have a significant crash in 2008? Answer: The literal answer to your question is that a number of different types of mutual funds did
Question: Pay index fund expense ratios with cash instead of fund balance Answer: Simply put, that's not allowed. Outside a retirement fund, they simply do not provide a mechanism to
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: Equity means having ownership, and I think that's a REALLY bad idea
Question: Advantage of credit union or local community bank over larger nationwide banks such as BOA, Chase, etc.? Answer: Banks, the big ones, have shareholders and the board to answer
Question: Free cash flow and capex on morningstar.com Answer: Free Cash Flow (FCF) is not a metric/data point which represents any ACTUAL cash flow of a company. FCF is a
Question: Non Resident Alien Spouse Treated As Resident - Self Employment Income Answer: First, the SSN isn't an issue. She will need to apply for an ITIN together with tax
Question: Where do short-term traders look for the earliest stock related news? Answer: There's a whole industry devoted to this. Professionals use Bloomberg terminals. High Frequency Traders have computers read
Question: Deducting Hobby Expenses on my Federal Income Taxes? Answer: I suggest to start charging slightly more than needed to cover expenses. All you need is to show profit. It
Question: Where can I find recent information about which major shareholders changed their positions in a given stock? Answer: For the united States forms must be submitted electronically with the
Question: Should I invest in the world's strongest currency instead of my home currency? Answer: First, currencies are not an investment; they are a medium of exchange; that is, you
Question: When should I open a "Line of credit" at my bank? Answer: I have a line of credit that I have attached to my checking account in case of
Question: Fund or ETF that simulates the investment goals of an options "straddle" strategy? Answer: I am not aware of a single instrument that encapsulates what you are after; but
Question: Official Bank Check Answer: The legal department at the Bank left me a message telling me that the bank check was paid & the recipient got the funds. Call
Question: Clothing Store Credit Card Account closed but not deleted Answer: There are three parties involved here: there's the store that issued you the card, then they have some bank
Question: Can banks deny that you've paid your loan? Answer: Maybe there's more to this story, because as written, your sister seems, well, a little irrational. Is it possible that
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: I did that. What is allowed changes over time, though  leading up
Question: Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds? Answer: If I invest in index funds or other
Question: Where can you find dividends for Australian Stock Market Shares (ASX) for more than 2 years of data? Answer: Yahoo provides dividend data from their Historical Prices section, and
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: The lead story here is you owe $12,000
Question: Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day? Answer: Trading volumes are higher at the end of the day
Question: Technical Analysis: the concepts of overbought / oversold don't make sense Answer: Some technical indicators (e.g. Williams %R) indicate whether the market is overbought or oversold. ... Every time
Question: Are there any disadvantages to DHA Investment Properties? Answer: Well, I am an investor/ Lessor under DHA properties. Oflate, DHA lost it identity as a Govt agency and try
Question: In the USA, why is the Free File software only available for people earning less than $62k? Answer: It is very helpful to understand that Free File is not
Question: Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading? Answer: No, CFD is not viable as a long term trading strategy. You have a minimum margin to maintain, and you
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: To start with gold has value because it is scarce, durable, attractive and can be made into jewellery. But that does not explain
Question: Is IRS Form 8938 asking me to double-count foreign assets? Answer: The requirement is to report the highest balance on the account, it has nothing to do with your
Question: Meaning of reinvestment Answer: 1) When it says "an investment or mutual fund", is a mutual fund not an investment? If no, what is the definition of an investment?
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: I receive checks from my tenant. Also, from our medical reimbursement account. I'm sure there's an option somewhere to get that
Question: Treatment of donations of appreciated stock to a IRC 501(c)(7) Social Club? Answer: If cash donations are not deductable, stock contributions aren't either and I believe the same rules
Question: How can I find data on delisted stocks? Answer: You need a source of delisted historical data. Such data is typically only available from paid sources. According to my
Question: How do I report this cash bonus/tip on income tax return? Answer: How do I report this on our income tax return? You should include it on Line 7
Question: car purchase loan versus car collateral loan Answer: Generally speaking personal loans have higher rates than car loans. During fairly recent times, the market for car loans has become
Question: What should my finances look like at 18? Answer: To buy a house, you need: At least 2 years tax returns (shows a steady income history; even if you're
Question: Higher auto insurance costs: keep car or switch to public transit? Answer: I'm guessing Toronto? Sell the car! Use public transit. Save a ton of money. You can always
Question: Best buying price on stock marketing based on market depth detail (CSE atrad tool) Answer: When I first started working in finance I was given a rule of thumb
Question: If I sell a stock that I don't have, am I required to buy it before a certain amount of time? Answer: Answers here are correct but I'll offer
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: I only have anecdotal evidence here as members of my family used to own a grocery
Question: Highstreet bank fund, custom ETF or Nutmeg? Answer: It's a good question, I am amazed how few people ask this. To summarise: is it really worth paying substantial fees
Question: Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance? Answer: I'm another programmer, I guess we all just like complicated things, or got here via stackoverflow. Obligatory
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: Concerning the general problem of short selling and the need to borrow shares to complete the transaction : Selling short is a
Question: What does "Company Distribution" mean on Google Finance's stock screener? Answer: Company Distribution is attempting to show a histogram of how many companies fall within a given range so
Question: Should Emergency Funds be Used for Infrequent, but Likely, Expenses? Answer: If you think about it, it's really all one big pot of money. The idea behind an "emergency
Question: How can I help others plan their finances, without being a "conventional" financial planner? Answer: I think it's great that you want to contribute. Course Instructor You may want
Question: Self-employed individual 401k self, match, and profit sharing contribution limits? Answer: It seems I can make contributions as employee-elective, employer match, or profit sharing; yet they all end up
Question: Pros/cons of borrowing money using a mortgage loan and investing it in a low-fee index fund? Answer: Risk is the problem, as others have pointed out. Your fixed mortgage
Question: Buy Php in Malaysia and sell to Philippines Answer: I noticed the buy/sell board table. Where did you notice this. Generally for a pair of currencies, there is Unit
Question: After Market Price change, how can I get it at that price? Answer: Buying stocks is like an auction. Put in the price you want to pay and see
Question: Will an ETF increase in price if an underlying stock increases in price Answer: An ETF consists of two componenets : stocks and weightage of each stock. Assuming the
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: People's value of money is not always linear. Consider an individual with $1000 in the bank. I'm going to look at amounts of debt by
Question: How exactly does dealing in stock make me money? Answer: If you have money and may need to access it at any time, you should put it in a
Question: What size "nest egg" should my husband and I have, and by what age? Answer: One more thing to consider is that $1M today is not the same as
Question: Does anyone offer no interest loans? Answer: Such loans are of course possible. They exist because the lender gains something other than interest from them: What would happen to
Question: Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry Answer: This is because volatility is cumulative and with less time there is less cumulative volatility. The
Question: Where should my money go next: savings, investments, retirement, or my mortgage? Answer: As the others said, you're doing everything right. So, at this it's not a matter of
Question: 2 UAN Numbers allotted to my PAN Number Answer: Option 1: You can write to uanepf@epfindia.gov.in giving the details of both the UAN's. This will be able to merge
Question: Totally new to finance, economy, where should I start? Answer: If you're looking to invest using stocks and shares, I recommend you set up an account at something like
Question: How an ETF reinvests dividends Answer: The shareholders can't all re-invest their dividends -- it's not possible. Paying a dividend doesn't issue any new shares, so unless some of
Question: What does "Yield Curve" mean? Answer: Yield is the term used to describe how much income the bond will generate if the bond was purchased at a particular moment
Question: Are TD e-Series Funds worthwhile, or am I better off with ETFs? Why or why not? Answer: TD e-series index funds are great for regular contributions every paycheck since
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: Unfortunately too many companies view a Mail in
Question: Tracking down forgotten brokerage account Answer: A company as large as Home Depot will have a fairly robust Human Resources department and would probably be able to steer you
Question: Are quarterly earnings released first via a press release on the investor website, via conference call, or does it vary by company? Answer: Companies typically release their earnings before
Question: Events that cause major movement in forex? Answer: Look for unsustainable policies and actions by policy makers, both before and possibly during, when looking at the ForEx markets. Consider
Question: What are some of the key identifiers/characters of an undervalued stock? Answer: P/E = price per earnings. low P/E (P/E < 4) means stock is undervalued.
Question: Super-generic mutual fund type Answer: You can also create a CD ladder (say 1/3 in a 6 month CD, 1/3 in a 1 year CD, 1/3 in a 2
Question: Investing / Options idiot - how can I get out of this position? Answer: Your broker should make you whole by adjusting the quantity of the underlying (see: http://www.schaeffersresearch.com/education/options-basics/key-option-concepts/dividends-stock-splits-and-other-option-contract-adjustments)
Question: What effect would a company delisting from the LSE to move to china have on shareholders? Answer: You would still be the legal owner of the shares, so you
Question: Stop paying VAT on digital sales when earnings are under 81k Answer: You can't currently avoid it. The reason the legislation was introduced was to prevent the big-name developers
Question: Does Degiro charge per order or per transaction? Answer: An order is not a transaction. It is a request to make a transaction. If the transaction never occurs (e.g.
Question: Where are the non floated Groupon shares Answer: Many people have criticized the Groupon IPO model because it doesn't make sense as an investment, unless you are an insider
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: I can't immediately think of a reason to keep your paycheck and spending account separate,
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: For any android device you can try: Daily Expense Manager - to track your expenses and a host of
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: First you should maintain a monthly expense and find out
Question: Will I get a tax form for sale of direct purchased stock (US)? Answer: I think I found the answer, at least in my specific case. From the heading
Question: Can I default on my private student loans if I was an international student? Answer: You signed a contract to pay the loan. You owe the money. Stories of
Question: What's the general principle behind choosing saving vs. paying off debt? Answer: It has to do with return. I don't know if Canada has a matching feature on retirement
Question: Do real nappies (reusable / cloth diapers) really save money? Answer: I don't think they do. And here's why. If you don't want your child to get skin irritation,
Question: How to account for Capital Gains (Losses) in double-entry accounting? Answer: Capital is an Asset. Decreasing value of capital is the decreasing value of an asset. When you buy
Question: Credit card issued against my express refusal; What action can I take? Answer: As far as the banker himself goes, it's a customer service issue. WF is not going
Question: Why does a stock's price fluctuate so often, even when fresh news isn't available? Answer: Investors are "forever" comparing the prices of stocks to other stocks. As others have
Question: Are investor's preference for dividends justified? Answer: Some investors (pension funds or insurance companies) need to pay out a certain amount of money to their clients. They need cash
Question: How can I invest in an index fund but screen out (remove) certain categories of socially irresponsible investments? Answer: I think the answer to your question is no, in
Question: Multi-Account Budgeting Tools/Accounts/Services Answer: I know of websites that do this, but I don't know of banks that do. Is there any reason you want to do this at
Question: Basic questions about investing in stocks Answer: For point two.. The norm for buying stock is to just register online with a major broker: Fidelity, Schwab,TD Ameritrade...etc, send them
Question: Should Emergency Funds be Used for Infrequent, but Likely, Expenses? Answer: I would suggest that you use Emergency Funds for things that have a Low likelihood of happening but
Question: How to donate to charity that will make a difference? Answer: I can't say specifically about charities to help Greece. If someone on here has specific knowledge, please chime
Question: Why is a home loan (mortgage) cheaper than gold loan? Answer: My doubt is whether Govt./Reserve Bank of India gives any explicit incentives to banks to offer cheaper home
Question: Credit card closed. Effect on credit score (USA) Answer: There are two factors in your credit score that may be affected. The first is payment history. Lenders like to
Question: How late is Roth (rather than pretax) still likely to help? Answer: Years before retirement isn't related at all to the Pretax IRA/Roth IRA decision, except insomuch as income
Question: Question on buying selling and buying again Answer: Firstly 795 is not even. Secondly - generally you would pay tax on the sale of the 122 shares, whether you
Question: What's the point of a chargeback when they just ask the merchant whether they owe money to the buyer? Answer: The point of a chargeback is to force merchants
Question: Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating? Answer: If you start an LLC with you as the sole member it will be considered a disregarded
Question: What is the difference between fund and portfolio? Answer: A fund is a portfolio, in that it is a collection, so the term is interchangeable for the most part.
Question: How To Report Cryptocurrency Earnings? Answer: As cryptocurrencies are rather new compared to most assets, there hasn't been a lot of specific guidance for a lot of situation, but
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: Assuming that the financial system broke down, not enough supply of essential commodities or food but there is political
Question: Why is everyone saying how desperately we need to save money "in this economy"? Answer: Saving some money for the future is a good idea. But how much to
Question: How would I prove my claim in a class action settlement on a "stock misconduct" case when I shorted the stock? Answer: No. You shorted the stock so you
Question: Is 'days to cover' a useful metric in identifying the potential for a short squeeze? Answer: SeekingAlpha has an article about short squeezes that states: The higher the number
Question: How to calculate stock price (value) based on given values for equity and debt? Answer: I'll give you my quick and dirty way to value a company: A quick
Question: How to resolve imbalances and orphan transactions in Gnucash? Answer: The GnuCash manual has a page with examples of opening new accounts. The tl;dr is: use the Equity:Opening Balance
Question: Supply & Demand - How Price Changes, Buy Orders vs Sell Orders [duplicate] Answer: Yes for every order there is a buyer and seller. But overall there are multiple
Question: Clothing Store Credit Card Account closed but not deleted Answer: If it is closed, you should be able to trust that it is closed permanently. What you still have
Question: Given current market conditions, how / when should I invest a $200k inheritance? Answer: E) Spend a small amount of that money on getting advice from a paid financial
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: It sounds like you plan to sell sooner or later. If your opinion is that there is still
Question: A-B-C Class Shares: What's the difference? Answer: In most cases, the other classes of shares are preferred stock (example, JPM-F). Preferred stock usually pays higher dividends and shareholders get
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: He doesn't have to follow through on this, but he could tell
Question: Is a fixed-price natural gas or electricity contract likely to save money? Answer: I can only speak to natural gas but I imagine the answer for electricity is the
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: Need is a strong word. As far as merchants are concerned, if they accept,
Question: What ways are there to invest in stocks, options, indexes, etc, and where should one start (what funds)? Answer: Ryan's suggestion to index for your main strategy is dead
Question: Health insurance deduction on schedule C if also full time employee with w2? Answer: Do you satisfy the necessary criteria listed there? Then why not?... It sounds like you
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: here is what I have learned with multiple close encounters with bankruptcies: ask yourself.. what if I
Question: Borrowing money to buy shares for cashflow? Answer: This depends on: Here in the US where I am, interest rates were around 3.9% when I fixed my mortgage. This
Question: Money-market or cash-type ETFs for foreigners with U.S brokerage account Answer: Securities and ETFs are also subjected to Estate Tax. Some ways: Draft a "Transfer on Death" instruction to
Question: Does a company's stock price give any indication to or affect their revenue? Answer: Look at the how the income statement is built. The stock price is nowhere on
Question: Any sane way to invest in both funds and stocks with UK ISA? Answer: You could use a stock-only ISA and invest in Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs). ETFs are
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: Talk to your parents, and find out if
Question: Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year? Answer: I know some companies or entities have large incomes or expenses at certain times of the
Question: How to reduce mortgage rate with low income but high assets Answer: The bit I don't quite understand is why you are thinking about staying in debt in the
Question: Hiring a teenager as a household employee Answer: Here is what I was able to find: Yes, but there are special instructions for minors: Working hours: New York State
Question: Selling high, pay capital gains, re-purchase later Answer: Ignoring brokerage fees and the wash-sale rule (both of which are hazardous to your health), and since the 15% LTCG tax
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: On most of the consumer electronics it would not make much sense to get Insurance. Mostly these
Question: What is title insurance, and should I get title insurance for my home? Answer: Here is a pretty exhaustive article on that question. Long story short, it is an
Question: ESPP cost basis and taxes Answer: If the $882 is reported on W2 as your income then it is added to your taxable income on W2 and is taxed
Question: Please explain the relationship between dividend amount, stock price, and option value? Answer: 1) What's the point of paying a dividend if the stock price automatically decreases? Don't the
Question: Is it mandatory to report Capital Loss on line 21 of Schedule D? Answer: You are not allowed to pick and choose what years to take a loss once
Question: Is the stock market a zero-sum game? Answer: Would you mind adding where that additional value comes from, if not from the losses of other investors? You asked this
Question: Why exercise ISO/QSO early? Answer: You are thinking about it this way: "The longer I wait to exericse, the more knowledge and information I'll have, thus the more confidence
Question: Who owns historical valuations about equity such as stocks and index funds? Answer: I expect that data may be copyright. Data that's published (e.g. on a newsfeed or web
Question: Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock Answer: Unless your brokerage will sell you fractional shares, the most obvious difference
Question: Basic questions about investing in stocks Answer: Now a days, your stocks can be seen virtually through a brokerage account. Back in the days, a stock certificate was the
Question: How is options implied volatility for a stock determined? Answer: There are a few different "kinds" of implied volatility. They are all based on the IVs obtained from the
Question: Using Euros to buy and sell NASDAQ stocks Answer: You can check whether the company whose stock you want to buy is present on an european market. For instance
Question: What options are available for a home loan with poor credit but a good rental history? Answer: Here are some (not all) things that can help overcome a low
Question: I am looking for software to scan and read receipts Answer: Scanning receipts is easy and any decent scanner will do a good job for you. The difficult part
Question: Some stock's prices don't fluctuate widely - Is it an advantages? Answer: Apart from making money from the price difference, some stocks also give dividends, or bonus issues. For
Question: Better approach to close loans? Answer: It is typically best to pay minimum payments to 2 of the loans and pay aggressively on the third loan. Some will tell
Question: What does "100% stock dividend" mean? Answer: Simply put, 100% stock dividend is 1:1 or 1 for 1 bonus share, as explained above, if you held 100 shares after
Question: Margin when entered into a derivative contract Answer: The most obvious use of a collateral is as a risk buffer. Just as when you borrow money to buy a
Question: Can I open a Demat account in India from abroad? Answer: To trade stocks in India, you need a copy of your pan card, address proof(passport or driving license/electricity
Question: Where was the huge scandal in the Wells Fargo scandal? Answer: The Wells Fargo scandal was and still is a big deal because Wells Fargo opened over 1.5 million
Question: Where are open-end funds traded? Answer: Close-end funds just means there's a fixed number of shares available, so if you want to buy some you must purchase from other
Question: Can I request to change 401k offerings from my employer, e.g. to invest in ETFs? Answer: The presence of the 401K option means that your ability to contribute to
Question: Is there a rule that a merchant must identify themself when making a charge Answer: In some case the customer wants the name to be cryptic or misleading. They
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: In my experience, you don't need to endorse a check with a signature to deposit it into your account. You
Question: How Should I Start my Finance Life and Invest? Answer: The best way to start out is to know that even the experts typically under-perform the market, so you
Question: Does keeping 'long-term' safety net in bonds make sense? Answer: The answer to your question depends very much on your definition of "long-term". Because let's make something clear: an
Question: What is a good asset allocation for a 25 year old? Answer: In my opinion, the key variable for you (and others) is not age, but "vintage." Your "age"
Question: Beginner dividend investor - first steps Answer: This has been answered countless times before: One example you may want to look at is DGRO. It is an iShares ETF
Question: What is good growth? Answer: The first issue is if the stock has returned 8% since you purchased it that could be either very good (8% in two days)
Question: What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money? Answer: A financial planner can help with investments, insurance, estate planning, budgeting, retirement planning,
Question: Why is the difference between adjusted close and close price slightly different between each day? Answer: Prices are adjusted for return and not payout. So if you take the
Question: Is it true that more than 99% of active traders cannot beat the index? Answer: Obviously, these numbers can never be absolute simply because not all the information is
Question: Vanguard Target Retirement Fund vs. Similar ETF Distribution (w/ REIT) Answer: Target Date Funds automatically change their diversification balance over time, rebalancing and reassigning new contributions to become progressively
Question: Comprehensive tutorial on double-entry personal finance? Answer: I found this book to be pretty decent: It is a workbook, and full of little exercises.
Question: Is there anything I can do to prepare myself for the tax consequences of selling investments to buy a house? Answer: Don't let tax considerations be the main driver.
Question: How can I lookup the business associated with a FEIN? Answer: I think much of that info is hidden behind pay-walls. Here is one site I've found. http://www.feinsearch.com/ Another
Question: What are the implications of a corporate stock repurchase or share buyback program? Answer: the implications are that the company's earnings per share may seem greater, (after the company
Question: Is there strategy to qualify stock options with near expiry date for long term capital gain tax? Answer: According to page 56 of the 2015 IRS Publication 550 on
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: There is absolutely no logical reason why each nation does not own and control banking and thus
Question: How can I find out who the major short sellers are in a stock? Answer: There is no way to know anything about who has shorted stuff or how
Question: How can I find a high-risk, high-reward investment that is not strongly correlated with the U.S. economy? Answer: High risk, high reward doesn't really mean anything. The reason that
Question: Good at investing - how to turn this into a job? Answer: You need to do a few things to analyze your results. First, look at the timing of
Question: dividend cover ratio for stocks Answer: Profit after tax can have multiple interpretations, but a common one is the EPS (Earnings Per Share). This is frequently reported as a
Question: Where do traders take their prices data from? How can it be different from their brokers'? Answer: To add a bit to Daniel Anderson's great answer, if you want
Question: Choose online stock trading companies Answer: This very informative link gives a clear and comprehensive comparison (pros and cons) of various popular brokers: https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/investing/best-online-brokers-for-stock-trading/ (Best Online Brokers for Stock
Question: Do altcoin trades count as like-kind exchanges? (Deferred capital gains tax) Answer: Like-kind of exchanges have a list of requirements. The IRS has not issued formal guidance in the
Question: What is the future of 401(k) in terms of stability and reliability? Answer: Let's pretend that the author of that article is not selling anything and is trying to
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: The billion dollar jackpot is a sunk cost, a loss for prior bettors. If you
Question: question about short selling stocks Answer: The original owner of the shares can pledge their shares to be short, and they earn interest from lending their shares. The conditions
Question: Who Bought A Large Number Of Shares? Answer: The reality that the share price did not move shows that there is nothing nefarious going on. It is most likely
Question: What does a well diversified self-managed investment portfolio look like? Answer: Diversification is spreading your investments around so that one point of risk doesn't sink your whole portfolio. The
Question: Short term parking of a large inheritance? Answer: I am sorry for your loss, this person blessed you greatly. For now I would put it in a savings account.
Question: How can I find a high-risk, high-reward investment that is not strongly correlated with the U.S. economy? Answer: It requires fairly large levels of capital, but what about seed
Question: Is it prudent to sell a stock on a 40% rise in 2 months Answer: Depends entirely on the stock and your perception of it. Would you buy it
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: According to a financial adviser I spoke to, lottery is the riskiest of investments, whereas
Question: How is money actually made from the buying or selling of options? Answer: Not all call options that have value at expiration, exercise by purchasing the security (or attempting
Question: Why would a central bank or country not want their currency to appreciate against other currencies? Answer: I wrote about the dynamic of why either of a lower or
Question: Historical Stock Prices of delisted company [duplicate] Answer: You need a source of delisted historical data. Such data is typically only available from paid sources. According to my records,
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: sometimes we advise very old or incapacitated people to apply the refund to the next
Question: Do corporate stock splits negate share repurchase programs? Answer: No, I think you are misunderstanding the Math. Stock splits are a way to control relatively where the price per
Question: Does the profit of a company directly affect its stock or indirectly by causing people to buy or sell? Answer: The short answer to your question is yes. Company
Question: Is my mortgage more likely to be sold if I pre-pay principal? Answer: In a process called collateralization, your mortgage is combined with others to form a security that
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: Companies are required BY THE IRS to try to get everybody to contribute minimal amounts
Question: Is it possible to take advantage of exceptions to early withdrawal penalties on a 401(k)? Answer: Your question doesn't make much sense. The exceptions are very specific and are
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: Every $1,000 you use to pay off a 26% interest rate card saves you $260 / year.
Question: Loan to son - how to get it back Answer: He's paying the interest and you're paying the principal. If you're making minimum monthly payments, you'll still be doing
Question: For a mortgage down-payment, what percentage is sensible? Answer: I think anything from 10% on demonstrates a reasonable ability to save. I would consider ongoing debt level a better
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: I'd be tempted to pay off the 35k in student loans immediately, but if you have to owe
Question: Is it better for a public company to increase its dividends, or institute a share buyback? Answer: I feel dividends are better for shareholders. The idea behind buy backs
Question: Why is it that stock prices for a company seem to go up after a layoff? Answer: If the market believes that the company is overstaffed, then management acknowledging
Question: Is investing in housing considered an adequate hedge against inflation? Answer: Even if the price of your home did match inflation or better  and that's a question I'll
Question: Home loan transferred to Freddie Mac  What does this mean? Answer: Lenders may sell your mortgage to other lenders for a fee. For example, your lender might sell
Question: How to get started with savings, paying off debt, and retirement? Answer: You have a small emergency fund. Good! Be open about your finances with each other. No secrets,
Question: Can someone recommend a book that discusses the differences between types of financial statements? Answer: Why Stocks go up and Down by William H Pike is a great source
Question: In India, what is the difference between Dividend and Growth mutual fund types? Answer: I wrote about this a while back: http://blog.investraction.com/2006/10/mutual-funds-dividend-option-or-growth.html In short: Growth options of a mutual
Question: Are traders 100% responsible for a stock's price changes? Answer: Traders = every market participant. Not some shadow figure that excludes you just because you passively drop cash into
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: I agree with Rich Seller. Avoiding a trip to the store is a benefit. Not only
Question: Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why? Answer: The definitive answer is: It Depends. What are your goals? First and
Question: New business owner - How do taxes work for the business vs individual? Answer: Through your question and then clarification through the comments, it looks like you have a
Question: Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it? Answer: Since you already have an emergency fund in place, focus your extra funds on paying off debts like student
Question: How far into the future is a stock future? How do stock futures work? Answer: Futures are an agreement to buy or sell something in the future. The futures
Question: 401k compound interest vs other compound interest Answer: A 401K (pre-tax or Roth) account or an IRA (Deductible or Roth) account is a retirement account. Which means you delay
Question: What percentage of my portfolio should be in individual stocks? Answer: I find the question interesting, but it's beyond an intelligent answer. Say what you will about Jim Cramer,
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: If you ask ten different couples what they do, depending on a variety of factors, you'll get
Question: What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly? Answer: Considering that it's common for the monthly mortgage payment to be 25% of one's income, it's an obvious
Question: Negative properties of continuously compounded returns Answer: What you're missing is the continuous compounding computation doesn't work that way. If you compound over n periods of time and a
Question: classify investments in to different asset types Answer: A foreign stock mutual fund definitely belongs in stocks. It's composed of stocks. Your self occupied house is definitely real estate.
Question: Be a partner, CTO or just a freelancer? Answer: I write software myself and was involved in a couple of start ups. One failed, another was wildly successful, but
Question: Should my husband's business pay my business? Answer: It depends on the finances involved, but particularly if you're not billing anything right now and may have no revenue this
Question: Why do people buy stocks at higher price in merger? Answer: Microsoft wants to buy a majority in the stock. To accomplish that, they have to offer a good
Question: If the housing market is recovering, why would a REIT index ETF (e.g. VNQ) not be performing well? Answer: VNQ only holds ~16% residential REITs. The rest are industrial,
Question: Currently a Microsoft Money user on PC, need a replacement suitable for Mac Answer: I haven't found a drop-in replacement for MS Money, but I've tried a few of
Question: Debit cards as bad as credit cards? Answer: It's a real pain in the rear to get cash only from a bank teller (the end result of cutting the
Question: How hard for US customers make payments to non-resident freelancer by wire transfer? Answer: You are right in insisting upon a proper B2B contract in any business relationship. You
Question: Can the risk of investing in an asset be different for different investors? Answer: The other example I'd offer is the case for diversification. If one buys 10 well
Question: Where or how can I model historical market purchases Answer: Robert Shiller has an on-line page with links to download some historical data that may be what you want
Question: Is interest on a personal loan tax deductible? Answer: Assuming USA: It is possible to make the interest deductible if you go to the trouble of structuring, and filing,
Question: Are there any rules against penalizing consumers for requesting accurate credit reporting? Answer: To answer the heart of your question, it would be illegal for any credit bureau or
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I started out thinking like you but I quickly realised this was a bad approach. You are a team, aren't
Question: Better to get loan from finance company or bank considering the drop of credit score? Answer: If your primary concern is a drop in your credit score, go to
Question: Isn't an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) a surefire way to make tons of money? Answer: There is no sure thing in investing. Everything has a risk component. Sure, people
Question: What should I do with the change in my change-jar? Answer: In the U.S. at least, a lot of these CoinStar machines are now owned and operated by the
Question: Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there? Answer: Here's one option: Telephone is a lower-tech yet
Question: Work on the side for my wife's company Answer: In the US, you'd run the risk of being accused of fraud if this weren't set up properly. It would
Question: How can foreign investor (residing outside US) invest in US company stocks? Answer: As other people have said they should register with a broker in the country they reside
Question: Why can't house prices be out of tune with salaries Answer: The three basic needs are food, clothing, and shelter. Housing falls into the third category. Because it is
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: There are several areas of passive fraud by being unclear on what you
Question: Should I get cash from credit card at 0% for 8 months and put it on loans? Answer: Do you know how many people end up with an 18-21%
Question: How is it possible that a preauth sticks to a credit card for 30 days, even though the goods have already been delivered? Answer: The answer to your question
Question: W2 vs 1099 Employee status Answer: In general What does this mean? Assume 10 holidays and 2 weeks of vacation. So you will report to the office for 240
Question: How come the government can value a home more than was paid for the house? Answer: The property tax valuation and the fair market price are NOT one and
Question: Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt? Answer: It doesn't make any financial sense for you personally, because the impact on the
Question: Why don't SPY, SPX, and the e-mini s&p 500 track perfectly with each other? Answer: As Ross says, SPX is the index itself. This carries no overheads. It is
Question: Dividend Yield Answer: The S&P 500 is an index, you can't buy shares of an index, but you can find index funds to invest in. Each company in that
Question: Evaluating worth of ESPP (Startup) Answer: You have a lot of different questions in your post - I am only responding to the request for how to value the
Question: Is it really possible to get rich in only a few years by investing? Answer: Short answer: Not likely. Long answer: As a rule of thumb, over the long
Question: Online tool to connect to my bank account and tell me what I spend in different categories? Answer: I use Banktivity. It's very much not free, but it automatically
Question: How do I calculate what percentage of my portfolio is large-, mid- or small- cap? Answer: The portfolio manager at Value Research Online does this very nicely. It tracks
Question: Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal? Answer: Absolutely yes. Just because a lease provides an option for renewal does not mean that a tenant cannot try
Question: Dividends - Why the push to reinvest? Answer: A dividend is a cash disbursement from the company. The value of the company goes down the same amount of the
Question: How should I choose an additional retirement investment plan? Answer: It's a hard decision to make. Especially without knowing the complete contract details. I would in general stay away
Question: Cheapest way to "wire" money in an Australian bank account to a person in England, while I'm in Laos? Answer: I successfully used Currency Fair a few times, they
Question: What should I be aware of when renting a home to a corporation instead of an individual? Answer: This is business as usual, except that you need to keep
Question: When to trade in a relatively new car for maximum value Answer: I love giving non-answer answers. It will depend on you. Suppose you are embarrassed by driving older
Question: What are the top "market conditions" to follow? Answer: The very term 'market conditions' is subjective and needs context. There are 'market conditions' that favor buying (such as post
Question: Saving for a down payment on a new house, a few years out. Where do we put our money next? Answer: Rewards cards charge the merchant more to process.
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: You can pay with a cashiers check or personal check. You can even pay cash, or combine payment methods. However,
Question: Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store? Answer: As far as the money goes, it all comes down
Question: How can I buy an OTC stock listed in Nasdaq from India? Answer: According to this page on their website (http://www.kotaksecurities.com/internationaleq/homepage.htm), Kotak Securities is one big-name Indian broker that
Question: What size "nest egg" should my husband and I have, and by what age? Answer: There are three numbers that matter in that calculation: 1) How much do you
Question: What are my best options if I don't have a lot of credit lines for housing loans? Answer: Rather than trying to indirectly game your credit score, I would
Question: Is "folio" an acceptable contraction of "portfolio"? Answer: Technically, no. According to the dictionary, a folio is a single sheet, and a portfolio is a folder or case for
Question: Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors? Answer: Put 50 away as often as possible, and once it's built up to 500, invest in a stockmarket ETF. Repeat
Question: Tips for insurance coverage for one-man-teams Answer: Like most forms of insurance, health insurance is regulated at the state level. So what is available to you will depend greatly
Question: Why do some companies report how well their EBITDA performed even if their overall net profit did equally well? Answer: EBITDA is in my opinion not a useful measure
Question: Risk and reward of a synthetic option position Answer: But if underlying goes to 103 at expiration, both the call and the put expire worthless If the stock closes
Question: Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics? Answer: This question has been absolutely perplexing to me. It has
Question: Taxes on selling stock Answer: You realise a capital gain as soon as you sell the stock. At that point, you will have to pay taxes on the profits
Question: Return on asset (ROA) value for a stock is reported differently on Yahoo Finance and MarketWatch Answer: IESC has a one-time, non-repeatable event in its operating income stream. It
Question: Got a "personal" bonus from my boss. Do I have to pay taxes and if so, how do I go about that? Answer: As others have mentioned yes it
Question: Pay team mates out of revenues on my name Answer: Can I deduct the money that I giving to my team mates from the taxes that I pay? If
Question: How to compute real return including expense ratio Answer: Returns reported by mutual funds to shareholders, google, etc. are computed after all the funds' costs, including Therefore the returns
Question: Smart to buy a house in college? Answer: I've heard success stories but personally, I was considering it and I'm so glad I didn't. I ended up hating the
Question: Is a website/domain name an asset or a liability? Answer: In an accounting position, a domain name would fall under an intangible asset. Copyrights and patents are intangible, while
Question: Looking for a stock market simulation that's as close to the real thing as possible Answer: I have a free account on http://optionshouse.com/ that allows me to invest fake
Question: Personal credit card for business expenses Answer: Early on, one might not be able to get credit for their business. For convenience, and the card perks, it makes sense
Question: Is there a White-list of Trusted Online Vendors? Answer: I'm going to go with "ridiculous notion." :) The vast majority of businesses are legitimate, run by honest people trying
Question: Cons of withdrawing money from an Roth IRA account? Answer: In a year with no income, the best advice is to convert existing IRA money to Roth. This lets
Question: Is it a good idea to teach children that work is linearly related to income? Answer: My family instilled in me early on that hard work was important, and
Question: Do I need to own all the funds my target-date funds owns to mimic it? Answer: If you read Joel Greenblatt's The Little Book That Beats the Market, he
Question: Avoiding timing traps with long term index investing Answer: What are the risks pertaining to timing on long term index investments? The risks are countless for any investment strategy.
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: Out Of The Dark OOTD is a budgeting and personal money management web app that does not require
Question: What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into "emergencies" but are not covered by an Emergency Fund? Answer: The most obvious one these days is unexpected
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: Great answer by @duffbeer. Only thing to add is that the option itself becomes a tradeable
Question: How to measure the cost/value of an Asset in the Financial Statement Answer: I suggest that you use your own judgement on this. You can assign a reasonable percentage
Question: How can I verify that a broker I found online is legitimate? Answer: Both Scottrade and ING Direct (CapitalOne) have physical branches. Scottrade are wide-spread, ING/CapitalOne are less common
Question: How much can you write off on a car lease through a LLC? Answer: An expense is an expense. You can deduct your lease payment subject to some limitations,
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: The answer is Discounted Cash Flows. Companies that don't pay dividends are, ostensibly reinvesting their
Question: If I have a home loan preapproval letter for x, can the seller know this without me explicitely telling them? Answer: I will preface saying that I only have
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: Gold and silver are for after the crisis, not during. Gold and silver are far more likely to be
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: This advice will be too specific, but... With the non-retirement funds, start by
Question: If I pay someone else's property taxes, can I use it as a deduction on my income tax return? Answer: To make matters worse, if you pay the property
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: I would guess that this is due to the card issuer, not
Question: How do I get rid of worthless penny stocks if there is no volume (so market/limit orders don't work) and my broker won't buy them from me? Answer: I
Question: How to reconcile a credit card that has an ongoing billing dispute? Answer: What I would prefer is top open a new category charges under dispute and park the
Question: What are the ramifications of lawsuits over "breaches of fiduciary duty" for the average shareholder? Answer: As an investor, I try to interpret the suits as an attempt to
Question: Calculating the cost of waiting longer for money Answer: The cost of an extra 30 days is $1459.80
Question: Long(100%)-Short(-100%) investment explanation Answer: There is no difference. When dealing with short positions, talking about percentages become very tricky since they no longer add up to 100%. What does
Question: If I put in a limit order for the same price and size as someone else, which order goes through? Answer: The one whose order gets to the exchange
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: Another plus, besides supplemental income, to receiving dividend checks as opposed
Question: Why can Robin Hood offer trading without commissions? Answer: It isn't the first initiative (see link below) and maybe this one will stick around. Time will be a good
Question: Can I convert spread option into regular call or put? Answer: Yes. There are levels of option trading permission. For example, I've never set myself up for naked put
Question: How can I set up a recurring payment to an individual (avoiding fees)? Answer: A handful of well-known banks in the United States are part of the clearXchange network,
Question: Can the risk of investing in an asset be different for different investors? Answer: In a perfect market, share prices are by definition a perfect reflection of the true
Question: Is it irresponsible for me to lease a $300/month car for 18 months? Answer: With a gross income of $ 95,000 per year, and a net savings rate of
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: One important answer is still missing: governments may not be able to do print money because of international agreements.
Question: Option on an option possible? (Have a LEAP, put to me?) Answer: I can sell a PUT on it a bit out of the money, and I seemingly "win"
Question: What are the costs to maintain an Inc? Answer: According to this FAQ published by the state of Delaware, your annual filing fees will be: Anything above and beyond
Question: Importance of dividend yield when evaluating a stock? Answer: The dividend yield can be used to compare a stock to other forms of investments that generate income to the
Question: Is there a lower threshold for new EU VAT changes coming 1 Jan 2015 related to the sale of digital goods? Answer: Been digging through all the EU VAT
Question: Pay bill now or later? Answer: Another, perhaps simpler approach to the same result as @BenMiller. Firstly, if you can pay off the debt today, for 1695.70 cash, then
Question: Should I always pay my credit at the last day possible to maximize my savings interest? Answer: To avoid nitpicks, i state up front that this answer is applicable
Question: If a company has already IPO'ed and sold its shares, what is the incentive to keep making money? Answer: Because people bought their shares under the premise that they
Question: Is is possible to dispute IRS underpayment penalties? Answer: If you file the long-form Form 2210 in which you have to figure out exactly how much you should have
Question: Why would a mutual fund plummet on the same day it pays its annual distribution & capital gains? [duplicate] Answer: The price of a share of a mutual fund
Question: Recommended finance & economy book/blog for a Software Engineer? Answer: Start at Investopedia. Get basic clarification on all financial terms and in some cases in detail. But get a
Question: At what point should I go into credit card debt? Answer: Borrowing money to pay living expenses will not last long. Also, banks and credit card agencies are very
Question: What is a "convertible note"? Answer: Source, see if you have access to it Convertible notes are often used by angel investors who wish to fund businesses without establishing
Question: How can I diversify investments across currencies in ISA? Answer: Just buy a FTSE-100 tracker. It's cheap and easy, and will hedge you pretty well, as the FTSE-100 is
Question: Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes? Answer: The "hire a pro" is quite correct, if you are truly making this kind of money. That said, I
Question: What is a good size distribution for buying gold? Answer: If the "crash" you worry about is a dissolution of the euro, then the main thing you should concern
Question: Travel expenses for an out-of-state rental Answer: While the question is very localized, I'll answer about the general principle. My main question is with how far away it is
Question: Does investing more money into stocks increase chances of profit? Answer: Have a read of this PF&M article, which @Blackjack has an excellent answer that speaks around risk. Answers
Question: Does bull/bear market actually make a difference? Answer: Who are the losers going to be? If you can tell me for certain which firms will do worst in a
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: When you own a share, you also own a vote (in most cases). That vote is your means of
Question: Why doesn't buy at open get the official open price? Answer: There is no official price. There is only the price a seller is willing to offer and a
Question: How to evaluate an annuity Answer: You need to see that prospectus. I just met with some potential new clients today that wanted me to take a look at
Question: Why don't some places require a credit card receipt signature, and some do? Answer: Merchants apply in advance for the program, and the amount is limited to less than
Question: What is the difference between a bad/bounced check and insufficient funds? Answer: This may vary some by the state, but the general facts are consistent broadly. The elements of
Question: Why does it take two weeks (from ex-date) for dividends to pay out? Answer: Why does it take two weeks (from ex-date) for dividends to pay out? For logistical
Question: Filing taxes on stocks Answer: You need to talk to an accountant who practices tax accounting, preferaby someone who is an Enrolled Agent (EA) with the IRS, and possibly
Question: How quickly does short float ratio/percent change? Answer: The short float ratio and percent change are all calculated based on the short interest (the total number of shares shorted).
Question: Does an individual share of a stock have some kind of unique identifier? Answer: There is no unique identifier that exists to identify specific shares of a stock. Just
Question: How to interpret a big ask size? Answer: Yes, but it must be remembered that these conditions only last for instants, and that's why only HFTs can take advantage
Question: How can I determine which stores are regarded as supermarkets for a rewards credit card? Answer: Credit card companies organize types of businesses into different categories. (They charge different
Question: Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock Answer: I was thinking that the value of the stock is the value
Question: Buying a house for a shorter term Answer: If there are a lot of houses for sale, can you be sure that in a year or two you can
Question: Financing a vehicle a few months before I expect to apply for a mortgage? Answer: If your debt will all be less than 25% gross (yes, I see you
Question: When to trade in a relatively new car for maximum value Answer: To save the most money - don't trade it in, sell it to a private party. Dealers
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: If you can afford it, there are very few reasons not to save for retirement. The biggest reason I can think
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: You can't help people that don't want help, period. It just doesn't work, and you will waste your time and
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: At least with US tax law where you only pay taxes at the higher rate for the income
Question: I'm a UK citizen, can I use US stockbrokers? Answer: The UK has historically aggressive financial law, inherited from Dutch friendship, influence, and acquisitions by conquest. The law is
Question: What should I do with a savings account in another country? Answer: If the fees to keep the account open are reasonable then it's worth keeping it open for
Question: What do these options trading terms mean? Answer: Can anyone explain what each of them mean and how they're different from each other? When you "buy to open", you
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: This solution
Question: Is there any public data available to determine an ETF's holdings? Answer: You can check the website for the company that manages the fund. For example, take the iShares
Question: help with how a loan repayment is calculated Answer: It appears the interest is not compounded daily. Each period of interest has the loan amount calculated on the "capital"
Question: Books, Videos, Tutorials to learn about different investment options in the financial domain Answer: Just by chance I recently encountered this link - Do It Yourself MFE, which describes
Question: When's the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold? Answer: I'm not sure what you expect in terms of answers, but it depends
Question: Market Hours and Valuations Answer: Stock values are generally reflective of a company's overall potential; and to some extent investor confidence in the prospect of a continued growth of
Question: What are the tax benefits of dividends vs selling stock Answer: The benefit is not in taxes. When you sell a portion of your stock, you no longer have
Question: Does this sound like a great idea regarding being a landlord and starting a real estate empire? Answer: BEFORE you invest in a house, make sure you account for
Question: 401k Option - Lifecycle or S&P Index - what are pros and cons? Answer: I think we resolved this via comments above. Many finance authors are not fans of
Question: Best way to make most of savings with ISA and Offset mortgage Answer: I am not a Financial Advisor, but I an tell you what I did in exactly
Question: How can banks afford to offer credit card rewards? Answer: Michael Pryor's answer is accurate to the actual question asked. The current accepted answer from Dheer is not entirely
Question: Methods for forecasting price? Answer: well there are many papers on power spot price prediction, for example. It depends on what level of methodology you would like to use.
Question: How to calculate P/E ratio for S&P500 sectors Answer: To calculate a sector (or index) P/E ratio you need to sum the market caps of the constituent stocks and
Question: How to incentivize a real-estate broker to find me a cheap house Answer: Having just gone through this process as a buyer via broker in Israel, here are my
Question: Best way to invest money as a 22 year old? Answer: The classic answer is simple. Aim to build up a a financial cushion that is the equivalent of
Question: At what age should I start or stop saving money? Answer: While there is no age limit, bear in mind that saving money makes sense only if it doesn't
Question: Reducing taxable income in US in December Answer: Assuming that what you want to do is to counter the capital gains tax on the short term and long term
Question: What exactly happens during a settlement period? Answer: Securities clearing and settlement is a complex topic - you can start by browsing relevant Wikipedia articles, and (given sufficient quantities
Question: What are the financial advantages of living in Switzerland? Answer: In addition to what George said, there are other things that probably benefit Switzerland:
Question: Buy index mutual fund or build my own? Answer: If you are a "small" investor (namely, not an accredited investor), then the transaction costs (commissions) for purchasing the stocks
Question: Dividend vs Growth Stocks for young investors Answer: The key is to look at total return, that is dividend yields plus capital growth. Some stocks have yields of 5%-7%,
Question: Why invest in IRA while a low-cost index fund is much simpler? Answer: Here are the few scenarios that may be worth noting in terms of using different types
Question: How can Schwab afford to refund all my ATM fees? Answer: I am using my debit card regularly: in ATM's with a pin, in stores with my signature, and
Question: How to decide on split between large/mid/small cap on 401(k) and how often rebalance Answer: There many asset allocation strategies to chose from that beat lifestyle funds. For example:
Question: Can two companies own stock in each other? Answer: I was looking at NAT and NAO, NAT owns 20% of NAO. They trade opposite each other on the price
Question: What could be the harm in sharing my American Express statements online? Answer: As a person who has had several part time assistants in the past I will offer
Question: How should minor children be listed as IRA beneficiaries? Answer: First - for anyone else reading - An IRA that has no beneficiary listed on the account itself passes
Question: Buying puts without owning underlying Answer: Yes, it's completely normal to buy (and sell) puts and other options without holding the underlying. However, every (US) brokerage I know of
Question: What would I miss out on by self insuring my car? Answer: As you suspected, there is more than just car replacement taken care of by insurance (some of
Question: How to sell a stock in a crashing market? Answer: Assuming you are referring to macro corrections and crashes (as opposed to technical crashes like the "flash crash") --
Question: The doctor didn't charge the health insurance in time, am I liable? Answer: Here's my thought - call the insurance company back. Ask them to just tell you what
Question: How long to wait after getting a mortgage to increase my credit limit? Answer: I'm not sure what raising your credit limit would do to your score in the
Question: Do dark pools have to declare the volume transacted at the end of the day? Answer: Members of the Federal Reserve System keep track of what money a bank
Question: W-4 and withholding taxes for self-employed spouse Answer: With your income so high, your marginal tax rate should be pretty easy to determine. You are very likely in the
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: You should invest your money. To figure out what rate of return you need, use
Question: What is a "retail revolving account," and does it improve my credit score? Answer: A retail revolving account is a more formal name for a general credit card. A
Question: Why would anyone buy a government bond? Answer: There are a few other factors possible here: Taxes - Something you don't mention is what are the tax rates on
Question: Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees? Answer: The benefits and taxes thing, in my opinion is the biggie. Most people don't realize that the cost
Question: What headaches will I have switching from Quicken to GnuCash? Answer: It's been a long time since I've used MS Money and/or Quickbooks (never Quicken), but I've used GnuCash
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: If you engage in any kind of dangerous activity, the training courses will often state that an accident is
Question: Strategies for saving and investing in multiple foreign currencies Answer: The bad news is that foreign exchange is ultimately somewhat unpredictable, and analyzing the risk of these things is
Question: Some stock's prices don't fluctuate widely - Is it an advantages? Answer: Oracle specifically is paying a dividend with a current yield of about 1.4% annually and has appreciated
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: Theoretically there is always a time value of money. You'll need to keep your
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: I've been listening to Dave Ramsey a lot lately, and he encourages (encourage might be too light
Question: What happens to people without any retirement savings? Answer: This is a good question and you seemed troubled by this and this person's choices in life. And that is
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Don't buy the first model year of a new model unless the fuel economy is much better
Question: How does giving to charity work? Answer: If you don't have much money, and more important, don't itemize, donations are strictly between you and your karma. If you itemize
Question: Is it safe to take a new mortgage loan in Greece? Answer: While I would be very leery of making any Investments in Greece, and if I lived there
Question: What should I do with the stock from my Employee Stock Purchase Plan? Answer: Split the difference. Max it out, sell half immediately and wait a year or more
Question: Should I wait to save up 20% downpayment on a 500k condo? Answer: If you already have the money, put the 20% down but here is another option: You
Question: Is a fixed-price natural gas or electricity contract likely to save money? Answer: In my area, the fixed prices are based on an average. My gas company will look
Question: Why would this kind of penny stock increase so much in value? Answer: Well I'm not going to advise whether it's a good idea to invest in this company
Question: What is the fastest way to retire, using passive income on real estate Answer: It is worth noting first that Real Estate is by no means passive income. The
Question: Why do people invest in mutual fund rather than directly buying shares? Answer: Buying the right shares gives higher return. Buying the wrong ones gives worse return, possibly negative.
Question: Why are index funds called index funds? Answer: Because they track an index. Edited: The definition of the word in this case meaning "something used or serving to point
Question: I want to invest and save for my house downpayment at the same time Answer: Yes you should invest; and yes you should save for the house down payment.
Question: How to choose a company for an IRA? Answer: I assume that with both companies you can buy stock mutual funds, bonds mutual funds, ETFs and money market accounts.
Question: Are there disadvantages to day trading ETFs? Answer: ETFs are well suited to day trading, but you should be mindful of the bid-ask spread. See article: Commission-free ETFs are
Question: US Stock Market - volume based real-time alert Answer: Real-time equity (or any other market) data is not available for free anywhere in the US. It is always delayed
Question: According to yahoo finance, Vanguard's Dividend Growth Fund does not appear to have dividend growth. Why is that? Answer: I think you are mixing up forward looking statements with
Question: Why does it take 3 days to do electronic transfers between banks? [duplicate] Answer: I was perplexed by this until a few days ago when it finally clicked in
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: I usually get a cashiers check to cover about 90% - 95% of the expected amount (whatever I think is
Question: Relation between inflation rates and interest rates Answer: When the inflation rate increases, this tends to push up interest rates because of supply and demand: If the interest rate
Question: I'm 18. How to build good monthly income at my 20's? Answer: Market rate of return averages about 8% annually (sometimes more, sometimes less or negative). To get 30k
Question: Do post-IPO 'insider' stock lockup periods still apply if you separate from the company Answer: There are quite a few regulations on "Insider Trading". Blackouts are one of the
Question: How to deal with the credit card debt from family member that has passed away? Answer: You also might want to see what sort of documentation the credit card
Question: Sanity check on choosing the term for a mortgage refinance Answer: So I will attempt to answer the other half of the question since people have given good feedback
Question: Is the stock market too risky for long term retirement funds? Why should a 20- or 30-something person invest in stocks? Answer: I would start with long term data.
Question: Which credit card is friendliest to merchants? Answer: Cash is king. PIN-based debit transactions are cheap. In terms of credit cards, a regular (ie. not a gold card) with
Question: Looking for a stock market simulation that's as close to the real thing as possible Answer: Stock market is like poker: you don't take the same risks when it
Question: My ex sold our car that still had money owed Answer: This is not a finance issue, it is a legal one. You need to talk to a lawyer.
Question: Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance? Answer: It's important because it shows that the amount you owe does not decrease
Question: If I pay taxes on my earnings, would someone also pay taxes on the same earnings if I subcontract them and pay a share? Answer: If you want to
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: The only good reason I find to close cards are: it's a card with an annual fee that
Question: What happens to unvested RSUs when a public company is bought out by private firm? Answer: I would ask your HR or benefits department to be certain, but here's
Question: What percentage of my portfolio should be in individual stocks? Answer: How much should a rational investor have in individual stocks? Probably none. An additional dollar invested in a
Question: Peer to Peer Lending Small notes Vs Large Notes Answer: I started with lending club about a year ago. I love it. It has been insightful. Off topic, but
Question: Contributing factors to historical increase in trading volume Answer: It's not primarily more people investing. In the 1980s stock exchanges went from open outcry trading floors where all trades
Question: Should I have a higher credit limit on my credit card? Answer: I'm not sure that OP was asking if he/she personally should have more available credit, so I
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: I'm afraid your best recourse may be legal. I don't know that internet is a necessity, but the court would
Question: Hiring a teenager as a household employee Answer: First you need to ensure that you are not violating any Federal child labor laws. I would look at this: U.S.
Question: Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance? Answer: The reason it's broken out is very specific: this is showing you how
Question: P/E (or similar) for index funds? Answer: The S&P 500 is a market index. The P/E data you're finding for the S&P 500 is data based on the constituent
Question: Is investing exlusively in a small-cap index fund a wise investment? Answer: Stock portfolios have diversifiable risk and undiversifiable risk. The market rewards investors for taking undiversifiable risk (e.g.
Question: Getting financial advice: Accountant vs. Investment Adviser vs. Internet/self-taught? Answer: An accountant should be able to advise on the tax consequences of different classes of investments/assets/debts (e.g. RRSP, TFSA,
Question: Is there a standard check format in the USA? Answer: No, there is no standard. I see all kinds of paper sizes, and the amount, date, etc. is all
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: Rich people use "depositor" banks the same way the rest of us
Question: (Arizona) Bought a car with financing, do I take it to DMV/DOT? Answer: Based on your description of what you were given, then you should not need to contact
Question: What is the best approach to save money for College for three kids? Answer: Live where you live now untill your kids are about to go to college. Then
Question: Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)? Answer: If you exceed the income limit for deducting a traditional IRA (which is very low
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: Both of you sit down with a lawyer who
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: I think your best course of action depends on the likely outcome of the divorce proceedings. The
Question: What's a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada? Answer: Yodlee will also work. I asked a similar question (and provided answers) here. Thrive,
Question: Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices Answer: A long call options spread. In this case, a bet that the USO ETF would recover to $35. You can see,
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: Intrinsic value is a myth. There is no such thing. Subjective human demand is the only thing that gives anything
Question: Why do people sell when demand pushes share price up? Answer: You are assuming the price increase will continue. The people selling are assuming that the price increase will
Question: Should rented software be included on my LLC's balance sheet? Answer: I was only able to find Maryland form 1 to fit your question, so I'll assume you're referring
Question: How to account for startup costs for an LLC from personal money? Answer: An LLC is a pass-through entity in the USA, so profits and losses flow through to
Question: How can put options be used to buy shares at a lower price? Answer: If you are looking for a simple formula or buying order / strategy to guarantee
Question: Do real nappies (reusable / cloth diapers) really save money? Answer: I just remembered a blog post at CashMoneyLife - Cloth Diapers vs. Disposable Diapers. I had come across
Question: Can a company have a credit rating better than that of the country where it is located? Answer: BlackJack's answer is technically correct: government credit ratings are independent of
Question: I need a car for 2 years. Buy or lease (or something else)? Answer: Have you considered getting a bike? you would be able to ride it in Europe
Question: Obtaining California SOS number for out-of-state LLC Answer: SOS stands for Secretary of State. The California Department of State handles the business entities registration, and the website is here.
Question: Market Close Order Answer: During the day, market and limit orders are submitted at any time by market participants and there is a bid and an ask that move
Question: I have an extra 1000 per month, what should I do with it? Answer: I'm almost in the same situation as you. Here is what I'm doing. Buy ETFs
Question: Is owning ADR share for a good idea for long term investor Answer: Usually the ADR fee comes out of dividend payments and is modest. The ADR that I
Question: Should I put more money down on one property and pay it off sooner or hold on to the cash? Answer: I would go with option B. That is
Question: Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it? Answer: If you can get a rate of savings that is higher than your debt, you save. If you can't
Question: What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive? Answer: Competition, or actually lack of competition, mostly due to a demand curve that has minimal change due
Question: How do you get out of a Mutual Fund in your 401(k)? Answer: Most 401k plans (maybe even all 401k plans as a matter of law) allow the option
Question: How does historical data get adjusted for dividends, exactly? Answer: According to Active Equity Management by Zhou and Jain: When a stock pays dividend, the adjusted price in Yahoo
Question: Why ever use a market order? Answer: I think it all boils down to which is your priority. So it all depends. People that want the stock sooOoooo badly
Question: Tax me more: Can I pay extra to the government so I don't have to deal with all this paperwork? Answer: In a word, no. If your income is
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: Regarding auto insurance, you have to look at the different parts. In the United Sates most states do require a level of specific coverage for
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: In addition to @MD-tech's answer: I'd distinguish between stock of a foreign company traded in local currency
Question: Conservative ways to save for retirement? Answer: Buy gold, real coins not paper. And do not keep it in a bank.
Question: Online tools for monitoring my portfolio gains/losses in real time? Answer: Do you have a broker? Any online brokerage (TD Ameritrade, E*Trade, Scott Trade, etc) offer the functionality that
Question: Exercising an option without paying for the underlying Answer: Unless you want to own the actual shares, you should simply sell the call option.By doing so you actual collect
Question: Malaysian real estate: How to know if the market is overheated or in a bubble? Answer: FYI...during the housing boom here in the US many people spoke about ever
Question: How to calculate S corporation distribution from past K-1s? Answer: Phil's answer is correct. Just to add to his response: Distributions are not taxable events -- you already paid
Question: Why so much noise about USA's credit rating being lowered? Answer: Pension- and many "low-risk" investment funds may only invest in AAA-rated stocks and bonds. While the S&P rating
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: Fixed You are confirming the amount you are going t pay over the term of the loan. Variable: 3.79% over
Question: How is the Dow divisor calculated? Answer: Have you actually read the Wikipedia article? To calculate the DJIA, the sum of the prices of all 30 stocks is divided
Question: Should I pay off my 401k loan or reinvest the funds elsewhere? Answer: This summer I used a loan from my 401(k) to help pay for the down payment
Question: How should I prepare for the next financial crisis? Answer: How would gold have protected you during the 2007/8 crisis? In no way, shape or form. The ways to
Question: Will Short Sale Prevent Me From Getting VA Home Loan Later? Answer: From MyFICO: A foreclosure remains on your credit report for 7 years, but its impact to your
Question: How come the government can value a home more than was paid for the house? Answer: From my perspective I suspect that if the government use the paid price,
Question: How do I determine how much rent I could charge for a property or location? Answer: This may not be entirely scientific, but as a landlord my usual approach
Question: What is the Difference between Life Insurance and ULIP? Answer: I would refer you to this question and answers. Here in the US we have two basic types of
Question: Is it possible to dispute a wash sale? Answer: The IRS has been particularly vague about the "substantially identical" investment part of the wash rule. Many brokers, Schwab for
Question: I bought a new car for a month and wanted to return it Answer: My assumption here is that you paid nearly 32K, but also financed about 2500 in
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: Cars depreciate and lose value
Question: Higher returns from international markets? Answer: I went to Morningstar's "Performance" page for FUSEX (Fideltiy's S&P 500 index fund) and used the "compare" tool to compare it with FOSFX
Question: 2008-2009 Stock Market Crash  what caused the second drop? Answer: First, I would like to use a better chart. In my opinion, a close of day line chart
Question: Margin Call Question Answer: The initial position is worth 40000. You post 50% margin, so you deposited 20000 and borrowed 20000. 6% of 20000 is 1200.
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: If your mortgage interest is tax-deductible, it's generally a bad idea to pay down the principal on the mortgage
Question: Would betting on fallen (blue chip) stocks be a good strategy? Answer: You can't do this automatically; you want to understand whether the drop is from a short-term high.
Question: Stock valuation - Volkswagen Answer: The prices dropped because the scandal could mean: This some people estimated that the company could lose money, or have smaller profit. Thus each
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: A share of stock is a share of the underlying business. If one believes the underlying business will grow in
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: I would be more than happy to find a good use for your money. ;-) Well,
Question: What Happens To Stocks During Hyperinflation Answer: Stocks in the Weimar hyperinflation are discussed in When Money Dies. I don't own a copy of the book but here is
Question: If a company in China says it accepts Visa, does it accept all Visas? Answer: Generally, credit card networks (as opposed to debit/ATM cards that may or may not
Question: How should I think about stock dividends? Answer: I would say the most important thing to consider is the quality of the company relative to the price you pay
Question: Capital gains tax: Retirement vehicle (IRA, 401k) vs. anything else? Answer: Ben Miller's answer is very thorough, and I up voted it. I believe that the ability to rebalance
Question: Buying an option in the money, at the money, or out of the money Answer: I look for buying a call option only at the money, but first understand
Question: Hired with W-9, will I owe estimated tax quarterly? Answer: You must pay your taxes at the quarterly intervals. For most people the withholding done by their employer satisfies
Question: What are dividends, when are they paid, and how do they affect my position? Answer: Dividends are declared by the board of directors of a corporation on date A,
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: If we're including psychological considerations, then the question becomes much more complicated: will having a higher available
Question: Purchasing a home using collateral Answer: Since you only own half of the house, you would most likely need the cooperation of whoever owns the other half in order
Question: What is Chit funds. And how to invest in it? Answer: Chit funds started as group of people pooling money every month and drawing a lot to determine who
Question: Are prepayment penalties for mortgages normal? Answer: Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac uniform loans do not have prepayment penalties, so most plain-vanilla loans from national banks and brokers shouldn't
Question: Is a robo-adviser worth the risk? Answer: If you are looking for an advisor to just build a portfolio and then manage it, a robo-advisor can be beneficial (especially
Question: Why can't house prices be out of tune with salaries Answer: Your friends are overlooking a couple of problems with house prices and salaries being out of whack: Home
Question: Why do P/E ratios for a particular industry tend to cluster around particular values? Answer: This falls under value investing, and value investing has only recently picked up study
Question: Relation between interest rates and currency for a nation Answer: From Indian context, there are a number of factors that are influencing the economic condition and the exchange rate,
Question: Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store? Answer: Using your credit card: Applying for a store credit card:
Question: Is compounding interest on investments a myth? Answer: Compound growth isn't a myth, it just takes patience to experience. A 10% annual return will double the investment not in
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: Imagine a stock where the share price equals the earnings per share.
Question: Why online brokerages sometimes allow free ETF buying Answer: The same reason a company would offer coupons. I'd guess they're just doing it as a way to entice people
Question: Resources on how to be a short term trader? Answer: If you're a person of normal means, being a short-term trader/speculator is a game that you are going to
Question: Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under? Answer: I probably would not take it out, since I have enough layers of
Question: Benjamin Graham: Minimum Size of the company Answer: Smaller markets can actually be more volatile so it's not a good idea to lower Graham's criteria for them. The only
Question: Can't the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud? Answer: Yes this is a huge security loophole and many banks will do nothing to refund if
Question: College student - I'm a 'dependent' and my parents won't apply for the Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan Answer: I was in a similar (but not
Question: Home loan: loss payable clause in favor of lender for home insurance? Answer: Here's a good rule of thumb. In any situation where you are required to purchase insurance
Question: The spread goes to the market maker, is the market maker the exchange? Answer: Joke warning: These days, it seems that rogue trading programs are the big market makers
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: The point of co-signing for a friend is that they're your friend. You signed for them in
Question: Are there any viable alternatives to Paypal for a small site? Answer: While I've never used the service, there's also Amazon Flexible Payments Services (AFPS): (emphasis below is mine)
Question: What steps should be taken, if any, when you find out your home's market value is underwater, i.e. worth less than the mortgage owed? Answer: I will echo the
Question: Why not just invest in the market? Answer: The market is efficient, but it is not perfectly efficient. There are entities out there that consistently, legitimately, and significantly outperform
Question: Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold? Answer: Gold's valuation is so stratospheric right now that I wonder if negative numbers
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: It appears that you already know this, but FICO credit scores (as controlled by Fair Isaac Corporation)
Question: Strange values in ARM.L price data 1998-2000 from Yahoo Answer: This is just a shot in the dark but it could be intermarket data. If the stock is interlisted
Question: Building a Taxable Portfolio Properly Answer: Not a bad strategy. However: If you REALLY want tax efficiency you can buy stocks that don't pay a dividend, usually growth stocks
Question: What return are you getting on your money from paying down a mortgage on a rental property? Answer: This is a great question, considering that all of your expenses
Question: Personal Tax Return software for Linux? Answer: I used H&R Block this year 2013 to do my 2012 taxes and it was a snap! Ubuntu 12.10 with Firefox 20
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Give all your money as well as your budget requirements to someone
Question: Why would a company sell debt in order to buy back shares and/or pay dividends? Answer: When I play Railroad Tycoon III, I often send my company deep into
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: First, there are MLM businesses that are legitimate and are not Ponzi schemes; I actually work with
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: No, I don't mix business and personal affairs.
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: I invested in single family homes and made ok. Houses can be an investment. (though the OP seems
Question: Any tips for asset allocation across multiple retirement accounts? Answer: I have a similar situation -- five different accounts between me and my wife. Just as you and @Alex
Question: Is it prudent to sell a stock on a 40% rise in 2 months Answer: Did you buy near the bottom? Suppose you did then the price is still
Question: Can heavy demand for options drive up or down a stock price? Answer: You will tend to find as options get closer to expiry (within 2 months of expiry)
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: For the mortgage, you're confusing cause and effect. Loans like mortgages generally have a very simple
Question: Clarification on 529 fund Answer: You are faced with a dilemma. If you use a 529 plan to fund your education, the short timeline of a few years will
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: The high frequency trading you reference has no adverse impact on individual investors - at
Question: Buying a mortgaged house Answer: Based on what you asked and your various comments on other answers, this is the first time that you will be making an offer
Question: How does compounding of annual interest work? Answer: Here's how I have worked it out. Different answer to the one expected. Pretty sure it's right though.
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: My recommendation would be to pay off your student loan debt as soon as possible. You mention that the difference between your
Question: What headaches will I have switching from Quicken to GnuCash? Answer: The best way to answer this question is to try. GnuCash is free, so setting it up and
Question: Do I need to start a 529 plan for each child (2 separate plans), or can I just open one 529 plan and let both children use it? Answer:
Question: Are warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam's Club worth it? Answer: Also don't just assume that everything that Costco or Sams (we use Costco) sells is cheaper. Still shop
Question: Why does ExxonMobil's balance sheet show more liabilities than assets? Answer: I believe you are missing knowledge of how to conduct a ratio analysis. Understanding liquidity ratios, specifically the
Question: Did my salesman damage my credit? What can I do? Answer: This shows the impact of the inquiries. It's from Credit Karma, and reflects my inquiries over the past
Question: I'm about to be offered equity by my employer. What should I expect? Answer: The main thing is the percentage of the company represented by the shares. Number of
Question: Is an analyst's "price target" assumed to be for 12 months out? Answer: Analysts normally (oxymoron here) gauge their targets on where the stock is currently and more importantly
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: It's a scam. Here's someone who paid "Josie" 2000 pounds and lost it all Here's a Google search result list of how
Question: Computer vendor not honoring warranty. What's the next step? Answer: The issue yo have to consider is that under many state laws, you must give a merchant three opportunities
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: Amazon has 2 different cards you can apply for, a store card and a credit card. The credit
Question: Can I withdraw cash from selling investments before the settlement date? Answer: No, you cannot withdraw the money until settlement day. Some brokers will allow you to trade with
Question: Forex vs day trading for beginner investor Answer: Forex vs Day Trading: These can be one and the same, as most people who trade forex do it as day
Question: Might I need a credit score to rent, or for any other non-borrowing finances? Answer: Alas, institutions do not always act rationally, and being an outlier by never having
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: why can't I just use the same trick with my own shares to make money on the way down? Because if you
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: Ripped off may be too strong as it
Question: Do property taxes get deducted 100% from the Annual Tax Return or only a fraction of them? Answer: If your deductions are higher than the standard deduction, you will
Question: On what time scales are stock support and resistance levels meaningful? Answer: Support and resistance only works as a self-fulfilling prophecy. If everyone trading that stock agrees there's a
Question: What should I look at before investing in a start-up? Answer: You seem to have all your financial bases covered, and others have given you good financial advice, so
Question: Is the Chrysler extended warranty coverage worth it? Answer: I haven't looked at that warranty in detail, but generally speaking this should help. What is GAP insurance? In the
Question: Tax liability for stocks vested for a H1B visa holder Answer: You're asking whether the shares you sold while being a US tax resident are taxable in the US.
Question: How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me? Answer: I'd recommend getting online quotes from several insurance companies. During the process of getting a quote,
Question: Family suggests my first real estate. Advice? Answer: Do not borrow to invest in real estate. The interest payments will eat up most of your profit (the property management
Question: Is there legal reason for restricting someone under 59-1/2 from an in-service rollover from a 401K to an IRA? Answer: I don't think there's a rule -- (I can't
Question: Bi-weekly payment option Answer: One point that I don't see covered in the other answers yet: How does this affect the months that have 5 weeks. Do we actually
Question: Do rental car agencies sell their cars at a time when it is risky for the purchaser? Answer: Many Web sites and articles warn against buying former rental cars,
Question: Working for recruiter on W-2 vs. working for client on 1099? Answer: I don't think anyone can give you a definitive answer without knowing all about your situation, but
Question: Should you co-sign a personal loan for a friend/family member? Why/why not? Answer: My personal rule is to not loan money (or co-sign) for any amount that I am
Question: Borrowing money to buy shares for cashflow? Answer: Buying individual/small basket of high dividend shares is exposing you to 50%+ and very fast potential downswings in capital/margin calls. There
Question: Where to Park Proceeds from House Sale for 2-5 Years? Answer: Individual municipal bonds (not a fund) that will come to term in 2017 from your state. This satisfies
Question: Savings account with fixed interest or not? Answer: As observed above, 1.5% for 3 years is not attractive, and since due to the risk profile the stock market also
Question: What to consider before buying (exercising) a family member's private company employee stock options, about to expire? Answer: First, you mentioned your brother-in-law has "$100,000 in stock options (fully
Question: Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy different stocks? Answer: Yes- you do not realize gains or losses until you actually sell the stock.
Question: How does stock dilution work in relation to share volume? Answer: Here is an example for you. We have a fictional company. It's called MoneyCorp. Its job is to
Question: Are limit orders safe? Answer: I assume you're talking about a sell order, not a buy order. When you place a limit sell order, your order is guaranteed to
Question: How to transfer money to yourself internationally? Answer: Although I have not tried, you can check out the Western Union Money Transfers. http://www.westernunion.com/WUCOMWEB/staticMid.do?method=load&pagename=serviceToBank
Question: Who receives the money when one company buys another? Answer: It's tempting to think of a corporation as a real thing, because in many respects it seems to be.
Question: Investing in hemp producers in advance of possible legalization in Canada? Answer: The legalization of Cannabis will drastically alter supply and demand of cannabis and hemp. The distribution channels
Question: Why and why would/wouldn't a company split their stock? Answer: The reason to do a stock split is to get the price of the stock down to an affordable
Question: Must a company have a specific number of employees to do an IPO? Answer: While there is no legal reason to have a minimum number of employees, there can
Question: First Job, should I save or invest? Answer: There is no absolute answer to this as it depends on your particular situation, but some tips: As to investing versus
Question: UK - reclaim VAT on purchases for freelance work Answer: You are either VAT registered or you are not VAT registered. If you are not VAT registered, then you
Question: How to mitigate the risk of Euro Stoxx 50 ETF? Answer: You could go with either of: Choosing this you'd pretty much have minimized your risk by using the
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: I'm not sure if someone else answered already in the same manner I will. I can't guarantee for
Question: Can you explain why these items are considered negatives on my credit report? Answer: 1. Your oldest active credit agreement is not very old This is fairly straight forward.
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: The last 300 years of civilization have been amazingly atypical. We have experienced industrial revolution after
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: Credit in general having no significant change between an income level or net worth is due to the economic
Question: Why have I never seen a stock split? Answer: If you want to see one split, well, a reverse split anyway, keep an eye on TZA, FAZ, BGZ, and
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: In many (most?) cases, luxury cars are leased rather than purchased, so the payments on even an expensive car might not be
Question: What's a normal personal debt / equity ratio for a highly educated person? Answer: The problem with having no debt at all and relying totally on your income from
Question: Where are all those unsold vehicles? Answer: When the 2016 models come out, the dealership marks down the 2015 model and then it sells pretty fast. The process doesn't
Question: Won an incentive trip in 2013, left employer in 2014, received an earning statement with no cash but a huge tangible bonus listed Answer: I had experience working for
Question: Should I fund retirement with a static asset allocation or an age based glide path? Answer: I think not. I think a discussion of optimum mix is pretty independent
Question: Tax implications of exercising ISOs and using proceeds to exercise more ISOs Answer: This may be a good or a bad deal, depending on the fair market value (FMV)
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: My wife and I maintain seperate accounts. We have the bills split between us so that certain
Question: investing - where to trade online? (Greek citizen) Answer: You will likely need to open an account in another EU country, like a broker operating out of France, Britain
Question: How to calculate car insurance quote Answer: Question 1: Yes Question 2: There is no simple formula. Car insurance is mostly Statistics, because you have so many millions of
Question: How are people able to spend more than what they make, without going into debt? Answer: Bezos made very little "money." But he is very wealthy because of stock
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: There's an old saying: "Never invest in anything that eats or needs maintenance." This doesn't mean that a
Question: Understanding highly compensated employees within 401ks Answer: There are some nuances with HCE definition. To answer your questions. It's compensation as defined by the plan. Usually it's gross comp,
Question: What happens to your ability to borrow money based on our joint finances? Answer: It might be worth talking to a mortgage broker, even if you don't actually end
Question: Why charge gross receipts taxes to the customer? Answer: I'll address one part of your question: There are other taxes that companies pay as well, such as income tax,
Question: How to chose index funds, mutual funds from a plethora of options (TD Ameritrade) Answer: I agree with others here that suggest that you should be taking higher risk
Question: When to trade in a relatively new car for maximum value Answer: My suggestion would be to keep it. The value of a new car is that you get
Question: How will Brexit affect house mortgages? Answer: Only you can decide whether it's wise or not given your own personal circumstances. Brexit is certainly a big risk, and noone
Question: UK university student finance - should I use my sponsorship money to pay the debt? Answer: Borrow the lot (as your family recommended)! The extra money will come in
Question: What do "cake and underwear" stocks refer to? Answer: JoeTaxpayer's answer is dead on... but let me give my own two cents with a little bit of math. Otherwise,
Question: Is it wise to invest in a stock with a large Div yield? Answer: IMO, what it seems like you've done is nothing more than having screened out a
Question: Distribution vs withdrawal for an investment account Answer: A mutual fund makes distributions of its dividends and capital gains, usually once a year, or seminanually or quarterly or monthly
Question: How to understand adding or removing "liquidity" in stock markets with market/non-market orders? Answer: Not all limit orders add liquidity, but all market orders remove liquidity presuming there is
Question: Does it make sense to talk about an ETF or index in terms of technical indicators? Answer: Yes, it makes sense. Like Lagerbaer says, the usefulness of technical indicators
Question: Investing tax (savings) Answer: If you have a mortgage, making part of it a mortgage-backed overdraft (ANZ call theirs a Flexi loan) is worth looking at. I'm in a
Question: Understanding option commission costs Answer: The option commissions with IB for trading in the US market are between $0.25 to $0.70 per contract. However if you are looking to
Question: Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage? Answer: Yes. A mortgage is a kind of debt. Someone lends you money to buy your house, and you
Question: What is the difference between a 'trader' and a 'stockbroker'? Answer: Traders trade for a living, stockbrokers tell people to get involved in trades for a living. To be
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: Read "Stop Acting Rich" by Dr Thomas Stanley. I'm concerned that even before you've earned your first paycheck you want a
Question: What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate? Answer: It also reduces risk from the bank's eyes. Believe it or not, they
Question: Why do stock prices change? [duplicate] Answer: In addition to D. Stanley's very fine answer, the price of stocks change as a result of changing market conditions and the
Question: How can a person protect his savings against a country default? Answer: These have the potential to become "end-of-the-world" scenarios, so I'll keep this very clear. If you start
Question: Is it possible for all the owners of a stock to gain or lose money at the same time? Answer: The Owners of stock keep changing with every Buy
Question: Do I need to pay tax on the amount of savings I have in the bank? Answer: Not for the amount in the accounts but for the interest you
Question: First time consultant, doubts on Taxation Answer: I would look into the possibility that the promise "that no taxes will be withheld" is all about your status as a
Question: Checking the math on a Truth-in-Lending Disclosure Answer: As your question is written now, it looks like you have a typo. Your stated APR is 5.542% = 0.05542, not
Question: Calculating profits for a private fund Answer: Thanks for the answer/comments! The time-based method was something we mooted and something I almost went with. But just to wrap this
Question: Can I deduct child's charitable deduction from my taxes? Answer: No, you may not deduct the charitable contributions of your children. The Nest covers this in detail: The IRS
Question: Can I use my Roth IRA to start a business? Answer: Read the Forbes article titled IRA Adventures. While it's not the detailed regulations you certainly need, the article
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: Buy the BMW and enjoy it. An MBA? Now that is a true waste of money.
Question: How should I be contributing to my 401(k), traditional or Roth? Answer: I wrote a brilliant guest post at Don't Mess With Taxes, titled Roth IRAs and Your Retirement
Question: Online stock screener to find stocks that are negatively correlated to another stock/index? Answer: Finviz can be screened by beta which is an index of correlation. Finviz covers all
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: Liquidity Say you have $50k in student loan debt. You come into a large
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: Based on my personal experience with that particular offer, I can say that it's not really a scam.
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: Conventional wisdom says (100-age) percentage of your saving should go to Equity and (age) percentage
Question: Which kind of investment seems feasible to have more cashflow every week or month? Answer: Ignoring the wildly unreasonable goal, I'll answer just the Headline question asked. It's possible
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: Disclaimer - I am 51. Not sure how that happened, because I remember being in my late teens
Question: How bad is it to have a lot of credit available but not used? Answer: While @BrianRogers makes some good points, there are a few things you need to
Question: Help me understand Forex in Interactive Brokers Answer: You're confusing open positions and account balance. Your position in GBP is 1000, that's what you've bought. You then used some
Question: Close to retirement & we may move within 7 years. Should we re-finance our mortgage, or not? Answer: I would think it depends on when within the 7 years
Question: Getting money from online websites I own to my UK bank account Answer: Now i want to get this money in my new UK bank account, does this mean
Question: First concrete steps for retirement planning when one partner is resistant Answer: Bringing your spouse on board a financial plan is key to success. The biggest part is to
Question: In today's low interest environment, is it generally more economical to buy or lease a new car in the US? Answer: The most economical way is to save your
Question: Why would selling off some stores improve a company's value? Answer: Maybe the location isn't yet, but will soon become a new loss. For example older soon out of
Question: Is selling put options an advisable strategy for a retiree to generate stable income? Answer: Yes -- If you are prepared to own the stock and have the cash
Question: Brief concept about price movement of a particular stock [duplicate] Answer: There isn't a formula like that, there is only the greed of other market participants, and you can
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: The length of time you have established credit does improve your credit
Question: Why does ExxonMobil's balance sheet show more liabilities than assets? Answer: You are reading the balance sheet wrong. Everything Joe says is completely correct, but more fundamentally you have
Question: How do I enter Canadian tax info from US form 1042-S and record captial gains from cashing in stock options? Answer: I can't give you a specific answer because
Question: What happened when the dot com bubble burst? Answer: The dot.com companies were purveyors of the Internet, then a "new" technology around 2000. Everyone "knows" that such a new
Question: What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out? Answer: Although the market discussion by other answers is correct,
Question: Offered a job: Should I go as consultant / independent contractor, or employee? Answer: Linkedlinked, You might want to seriously take another look at the links that Chris provided
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: If you can separate the following two points, and live with them. I think you are good to go ahead. Otherwise I would
Question: Are large companies more profitable than small ones? Answer: There is no general theory to support the notion that larger companies will be more profitable than smaller companies. Economies
Question: Non-qualified Savings Plan vs. 401(k) for Highly Compensated Employee Answer: 401k plans are required to not discriminate against the non-HCE participants, and one way they achieve this is by
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: The government could actually do either one to expand the money supply as necessary to keep up with rising
Question: "Top down" and "bottom-up approach" Answer: Top down approach needed when bottom-up approach of markets leads to periods of high unemployment Imagine a chart that starts with one point
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: This is an excellent topic as it impacts so many in so many different ways.
Question: Why GOOG is "After Hours" while FB is "Pre-market"? Answer: Pre-Market trading activity is shown on the site from 4:15 - 9:30 AM (actual trading starts at 4:00 AM
Question: Is the stock market too risky for long term retirement funds? Why should a 20- or 30-something person invest in stocks? Answer: I'm going to go the contrarian route
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: One alternative to bogleheadism is the permanent portfolio concept (do NOT buy the mutual fund behind this idea as you can easily
Question: How can a U.S. citizen open a bank account in Europe? Answer: Each country will have different rules. I can only speak about the Netherlands. There, there are two
Question: When does selling (writing) options count for tax purposes? Answer: Generally speaking, you realize options gains or losses for (US) tax purposes when you close out the option position,
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: House prices do not go up. Land prices in countries with growing economies tend to go up.
Question: Does doing your "research"/"homework" on stocks make any sense? Answer: Doing your homework means to perform what's more accurately called "fundamental analysis". According to proponents of fundamental analysis (FA),
Question: Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first? Answer: On paper the whole 6 months living costs sounds (and is)
Question: Can the risk of investing in an asset be different for different investors? Answer: The risk of the particular share moving up or down is same for both. however
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: Don't throw good money after bad. If you bought on the peak of
Question: Chase bank not breaking large bills for non-account holders Answer: Yes it is (legal). There is of course no law requiring any business you walk in to break your
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: When I look at debt I try to think of myself as a corporation. In life, you have
Question: Companies that use their cash to buy back stock, issue dividends, etc.  how does this this typically affect share price? Answer: IBM is famous for spending lots of
Question: What is a "fiat" currency? Are there other types of currency? Answer: A "fiat" currency is non-convertible paper currency that a government establishes as legal tender. Most countries today
Question: Any good software for value investment? Answer: I had the same problem and was looking for a software that would give me easy access to historical financial statements of
Question: Are there any countries where citizens are free to use any currency? Answer: Sounds like you have a goldbug whispering in your ear. The Coinage Act doesn't restrict you
Question: Should I lease, buy new, or buy used? Answer: Rule of thumb is always BUY, NEVER lease, unless you plan to use it for a business where you can
Question: Buying a mortgaged house Answer: Just as a renter doesn't care what the landlord's mortgage is, the buyer of a house shouldn't care what the seller paid, what the
Question: Data source for historical intra-day bid/ask price data for stocks? Answer: FreeStockCharts.com keeps some intra-day trading history. You have to create an account to look up individual stocks. Once
Question: Get interest on $100K by spending only $2K using FOREX rollovers? Answer: Now, is there any clever way to combine FOREX transactions so that you receive the US interest
Question: How to know which companies enter the stock market? Answer: Market Watch has an IPO calender with details of upcoming IPOs that should provide most of the information you
Question: How do I calculate the actual dividend amount for a monthly dividend payout mutual fund? Answer: In the absence of a country designation where the mutual fund is registered,
Question: What is the purpose of the wash sale rule? Answer: In a comment on this answer you asked It's not clear to me why the ability to defer the
Question: What percent of a company are you buying when you purchase stock? Answer: What percent of a company are you buying when you purchase stock? The percent of a
Question: If NYSE has market makers, what is the role of NYSE ARCA which is an ECN Answer: Electronic trading is many orders of magnitude cheaper and more liquid than
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: Wow, hard to believe not a single answer mentioned investing in one of the best asset classes for
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: As far as the specific price - it depends so much on the area and the house and other things.
Question: Will getting a second credit card help my credit rating? Answer: No. Getting more credit lowers your credit utilization ratio (if you don't use it), which raises your credit
Question: How can I make $250,000.00 from trading/investing/business within 5 years? Answer: Deposit $3,500 each month in a brokerage account and invest that money across a handful of diversified index
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: What you've described is the norm in Australia, where it's rare for anyone under sixty to use cheques. Assuming they're transferring
Question: How can all these countries owe so much money? Why & where did they borrow it from? Answer: They borrowed it from the people, and typically to finance wars
Question: What does it mean to long convexity of options? Answer: First lets understand what convexity means: Convexity - convexity refers to non-linearities in a financial model. In other words,
Question: How can you possibly lose on investments in stocks? Answer: In your own example of VW, it dropped from its peak price of $253 to $92. If you had
Question: Can I depreciate a car given to me? Answer: That seems to indicate that you can in fact depreciate a vehicle given to you? Section 1015 discusses the calculation
Question: What happens to people without any retirement savings? Answer: There are a host of programs in the US to help low/no-income seniors: Many states discount property taxes for the
Question: How a company can afford to give away so many shares as part of its ESOP Answer: There are two sources for shares that employees buy through ESOPs. A
Question: Which shareholders cause news-driven whole market stock swings? Answer: The people who cause this sort of sell-off immediately are mostly speculators, short-term day-traders and the like. They realize that,
Question: Generally Accepted Accounting Principles question Answer: You recognize expense when you sell the hot dog. When you pay for the buns you have inventory, which is an asset. When
Question: What happens when a stock gets delisted? Answer: When a delisting happens, the primary process involves, the firm or the entity, trying to buy everyone out so that they
Question: Is there a limit on the dollar amount of a personal check? Answer: Many businesses will request that you get a bank-issued check for large amounts of money. The
Question: I'm in Australia. What should I look for in an online stock broker, for trading mostly on the ASX? Answer: It depends what you want to do with them.
Question: To rebalance or not to rebalance Answer: An asset allocation formula is useful because it provides a way to manage risk. Rebalancing preserves your asset allocation. The investment risk
Question: Why does financial investor bother to buy derivatives and then hedge the position? Answer: There are a number reasons to hedge a position. Here are some of the more
Question: Interest on Amount Exceeding CC Balance? Answer: The best answer to this is: Read the fine print on your credit card agreement. What is common, at least in the
Question: Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year? Answer: In addition to the company-specific annual business cycle reasons and company-specific historical reasons mentioned in the
Question: What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history Answer: If you've never had a credit card before a likely reason can be due to lack
Question: Why does a stock price drop as soon an I purchase several thousand shares at market price? Answer: You say: Every time it seems the share price dips. Does
Question: Do governments support their own bonds when their value goes down? Answer: who issued stock typically support it when the stock price go down. No, not many company do
Question: Is the MBA an overrated degree/qualification? Answer: It depends on what you want it for If it is just salary then maybe not, for instance, some MBA programs may
Question: Can everyday people profit from unexpected world events? Answer: The NYSE is not the only exchange in the world (or even the only one in the USA). Amazingly, the
Question: TFSA over-contributions: How would the penalty apply in this scenario? Answer: First, if your stock is trading at $1 and you transfer the 5000 shares in-kind to your TFSA
Question: A good investment vehicle for saving for a mortgage down payment? Answer: When you are saving for money you need in 5 years or less the only real option
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: I use to play marbles at school. Marbles were like gold the more you had the richer you were. They were a scarce
Question: Are there any disadvantages to DHA Investment Properties? Answer: Along with the above reasons, the fact that DHA are under investigation by the Federal Police, should be a red
Question: What are "preferred" stocks? How are they different from normal (common) stocks? Answer: I know this has already been answered and I know its frowned upon to dump a
Question: I have a loan with a 6.5% interest rate. Should I divert money into my 401(k) instead of prepaying? Answer: Having a loan also represents risk. IMHO you should
Question: What happens if stock purchased on margin plummets below what I have in the brokerage? Answer: Different brokerages have different house rules for margin requirements and margin calls. You
Question: Ownership in company and rounds of investment Answer: Say the company has created 500 shares [or whatever number]. You have 10 shares [equivalent of 2%]. Now when new capital
Question: If I have no exemptions or deductions, just a simple paycheck, do I HAVE to file taxes? Answer: While you are required to do so as others have said,
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: I started my career over 10 years ago and I work in the financial sector.
Question: Do Square credit card readers allow for personal use? Answer: I used square in the past for personal yard sale and they did not transfer balance to my bank
Question: How to invest in gold at market value, i.e. without paying a markup? Answer: ETF's are great products for investing in GOLD. Depending on where you are there are
Question: Historical data files for NYSE/NASDAQ daily open/close price data? Answer: Another possibly more flexible option is Yahoo finance here is an example for the dow.. http://finance.yahoo.com/q/hp?s=%5EDJI&a=9&b=1&c=1928&d=3&e=10&f=2012&g=d&z=66&y=0 Some of the
Question: Bonds vs equities: crash theory Answer: I would suggest looking into Relative Strength Asset Allocation. This type of investment strategy keeps you invested in the best performing asset classes.
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: You could just commingle your funds. That way, she also learns how to keep track of things and how
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: I usually say "no thank you", but if the salesperson gets pushy I say "if I need
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: It is highly unlikely that this would be approved by a mortgage underwriter.
Question: What should I invest in to hedge against a serious crash or calamity? Answer: Different risks require different hedges. You won't find a single hedge that will protect you
Question: Scammer wants details and credentials for my empty & unused bank account. What could go wrong? Answer: It's a scam. Here are the many signs: The bank will never
Question: P/E multiples for privately held companies? Answer: You're indeed right, this cannot be answered affirmatively. I will try, without going too deep in details, to brush a shallow portrait
Question: Why is stock dilution legal? Answer: Stock dilution is legal because, in theory, the issuance of new shares shouldn't affect actual shareholder value. The other answers have explained fairly
Question: How is my employer affected if I have expensive claims on my group health insurance? Answer: Your employers insurance premiums will definitely go up if there are a lot
Question: It's possible to short a stock without paying interest? Answer: It is possible and it depends on your strategy. As short selling interest rates are annual and levied monthly
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: No, Mark is right, if you place a market order there will always be someone to buy or sell
Question: Retirement Funds: Betterment vs Vanguard Life strategy vs Target Retirement Answer: Katherine from Betterment here. I wanted to address your inquiry and another comment regarding our services. I agree
Question: Can you recommend some good websites/brokers for buying/selling stocks in India? Answer: Most of the Indian Brokers started offering API's to retail client these days. And NSE Exchange also
Question: Higher auto insurance costs: keep car or switch to public transit? Answer: Looking at your numbers, I would definitively consider selling the car, and use the public transportation instead.
Question: Do I need to keep paper records for my business? Answer: Scanned or electronic copies of invoices should be sufficient as long as they are accurate and you can
Question: what is a mortgage gift exchange? Answer: The issue is that the lender used two peoples income, debts, and credit history to loan both of you money to purchase
Question: I forgot to write the name on the check Answer: If you forgot to put the name on the "pay to the order of" line then anybody who gets
Question: How can I determine if my rate of return is "good" for the market I am in? Answer: A good measurement would be to compare to index's. Basically a
Question: How much would it cost me to buy one gold futures contract on Comex? Answer: In order to understand how much you might gain or lose from participating in
Question: Can future rental income be applied to present debt-to-income ratio when applying for second mortgage? Answer: They will include the rental income into the calculation. They don't give you
Question: What are some important factors to consider before investing in a stock/index fund and why? Answer: Goal - What is it that you are saving or investing to have:
Question: Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies? Answer: I would delay purchase of a condo or apartment until you have at a minimum, 6 months of
Question: What is the lifespan of a series of currency? Answer: In general, currency has no expiration date. Specifically, in Canada, the Bank of Canada has been issuing banknotes since
Question: Related Hedges (How do they work?) Answer: In this type of strategy profit is made when the shares go down as your main position is the short trade of
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: Ditto @GradeEhBacon, but let me add a couple of comments: But more relevantly: GradeEhBacon mentioned transaction
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: Your "average company and taxpayer" generally wouldn't have significant off-shore/foreign income. In the U.S., for example,
Question: Loan math problem Answer: Lachlan has $600 cash and a car worth $500. That's $1,100. The new car is priced at $21,800. Lachlan needs a loan for $20,700. However,
Question: Bank denying loan after "subject-to" appraisal: What to do? Answer: I'm not sure about your first two options. But given your situation, a variant of option three seems possible.
Question: How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down? Answer: Q: How do currency markets work? A: The FX (foreign exchange) market works
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: What are the risks, if any The risks are
Question: Why is there so much variability on interest rate accounts Answer: Generally, if you watch for the detail in the fine print, and stay away from non-FDIC insured investments,
Question: Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed? Answer: Here is a quote from the IRS website on this topic: You may be able to deduct premiums paid for medical and
Question: Investing in a offshore bank account Answer: when investing in index funds Index fund as the name suggests invests in the same proportion of the stocks that make up
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: Jurisdictions will vary but I can imagine calculation methods for child support where the raise could become significant
Question: Ensuring payment from client Answer: You should absolutely have a contract between you and your client stipulating the quid-pro-quos of the arrangement. They get the product, you get the
Question: Do Americans still need extra health care / medical insurance after reform to health care? [U.S.] Answer: I think it is too early to tell. They changed so many
Question: Does doing your "research"/"homework" on stocks make any sense? Answer: In fact markets are not efficient and participants are not rational. That is why we have booms and busts
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: There are people (well, companies) who make money doing roughly what you describe, but
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: Since you're coming out of college, you're probably a new investor and don't know too much about stocks, etc.
Question: Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit? Answer: If you have self control and a good handle on your finances, which it sounds like -
Question: Are services provided to Google employees taxed as income or in any way? Answer: Companies often provide cafeteria, or catering services, to employees tax-free at subsidized rates. I'll use
Question: Why would anyone buy a government bond? Answer: Great question. There are several reasons; I'm going to list the few that I can think of off the top of
Question: Are there Cashflow Positive Investment Properties in the USA? Answer: I'm an Aussie and I purchased 5 of these properties from 2008 to 2010. I was looking for positive
Question: What is buying pressure? Answer: Buying pressure is when there are more buy orders than sell orders outstanding. Just because someone wants to buy a stock doesn't mean there's
Question: Can stock market gains be better protected under an LLC arrangement? Answer: The thing you get wrong is that you think the LLC doesn't pay taxes on gains when
Question: Google Finance: Input Parameters For Simple Moving Averages Answer: The difference is that for the one year time frame the data is represented based on daily data and the
Question: Why would this kind of penny stock increase so much in value? Answer: Disregarding the particular example and focusing on the actual questions: YES, definitely, the whole concept of
Question: why is the money withdrawn from traditional IRA taxed at the ordinary income tax rate? Answer: Basically, the idea of an IRA is that the money is earned by
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: A firm is a separate
Question: Why are residential investment properties owned by non-professional investors and not large corporations? Answer: As other answers have pointed out, professional real estate investors do own residential investment properties.
Question: Why is company provided health insurance tax free, but individual health insurance is not? Answer: During World War II, the United States (US) instituted wage and price controls. To
Question: Understanding option commission costs Answer: From what I see, it is more like .70 per contract, with a $1 minimum (for options that trade over a dime.) IB does
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: I don't agree with others regarding paying off debt ASAP. You only have
Question: What is the difference between a stock and a bond? Answer: In a sentence, stocks are a share of equity in the company, while bonds are a share of
Question: Is it worth working at home to earn money? Can I earn more money working at home? Answer: I think the right question you should ask yourself is: Can
Question: Should retirement fund be equal to amount of money needed for financial independence? Answer: It depends what you mean. Finance Independence and Retirement Early (FI/RE) are two overlapping ideas.
Question: Is there any chance for a layperson to gain from stock exchange? [duplicate] Answer: No. As long as you are sensible, an average person can make money on the
Question: What does ES1 refer to in this picture? Answer: That looks very much like an S&P 500 E-Mini index future. However, ES1 is a strange symbol. Futures have the
Question: Which banks have cash-deposit machines in Germany? Answer: I know that many HSBC ATMs at branches in the US and Canada offer this service (they actually scan and shred
Question: Covered call when stock position is at a loss Answer: I don't think you understand options. If it expires, you can't write a new call for the same expiration
Question: What's the fuss about identity theft? Answer: Real world case: IRS: You owe us $x. You didn't report your income from job y. My mother: I didn't work for
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: In many countries it is a legal requirement or
Question: Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest? Answer: Many people who do transfer a balance from one credit
Question: Where can one graph portfolio performance over time? Answer: I've just started using Personal Capital (www.personalcapital.com) after seeing the recommendation at several places. I believe it gives you what
Question: Dollar-cost averaging: How often should one use it? What criteria to use when choosing stocks to apply it to? Answer: How often should one use dollar-cost averaging? Trivially, a
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: Mostly we invest in companies to make money. The money can be paid to as in the
Question: How would bonds fare if interest rates rose? Answer: When interest rates rise, the price of bonds fall because bonds have a fixed coupon rate, and since the interest
Question: Pay index fund expense ratios with cash instead of fund balance Answer: In many cases the expenses are not pulled out on a specific day, so this wouldn't work.
Question: Why doesn't change in accounts receivable on balance sheet match cash flow statement? Answer: Increase in A/R in balance sheet includes the A/R of acquired businesses. Change in A/R
Question: What can I do with "stale" checks? Can I deposit/cash them? Answer: Find smaller payments he can make. Maybe a % of each client he takes payment from. Consult
Question: Was this a good deal on a mortgage? Answer: I'm a visual person so the idea of a 30 year mortgage didn't make much sense to me until I
Question: How can I deposit a check made out to my business into my personal account? Answer: If you're a sole proprietor there's no reason to have a separate business
Question: Using Marine Traffic (AIS) to make stock picks? Answer: You can. Speculating on marine traffic is more closely tied to oil trades and ocean shipping container rates, than trades
Question: Dividends - Why the push to reinvest? Answer: Good question, here are some possible answers: Its a Good Idea There is probably some validity to the statictics and having
Question: Buying a home with down payment from family as a "loan" Answer: I'll compare it to a situation that is different, but will involve the same cash flow. Imagine
Question: What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity? Answer: This site shows a list of (mostly) industrial uses of gold: http://geology.com/minerals/gold/uses-of-gold.shtml If you ignore the first two
Question: How should we prioritize retirement savings, paying down debt, and saving for a house? Answer: The advice to pay off near-7% debt is tough to argue against. That said,
Question: Does being involved in the management of a corporation make me ineligible for a workshare program? Answer: Assuming you are paying into and eligible to collect regular Employment Insurance
Question: What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive? Answer: (At least in the UK) a company named Card Factory has been very successful in undercutting the
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: What's going on here is that Amazon/visa thinks that the money they will earn on average from irresponsible
Question: Are car buying services worth it? Answer: I have used car buying services through Costco and USAA. Twice with a Ford, and once with a Honda. In all instances
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: You are your own worst enemy when it comes to investing. You might think that you can handle
Question: Reinvesting dividends and capital gains Answer: No, the reinvestment is done as a courtesy. Consider, one can have, say, 100 shares of a $50 stock. A 2% dividend is
Question: Is there extra risk in owning an ADR vs. the underlying stock? Answer: Yes, the ADR will trade on a separate exchange from the underlying one, and can (and
Question: In what state should I register my web-based LLC? Answer: In this case not only that you must register in California (either as domestic, or as foreign if you
Question: Intrinsic value of non-voting shares which don't pay dividends Answer: Some companies offer discounts for shareholders. I believe Disney used to do so, for example; if your family was
Question: What is the median retirement savings in the United States today? Answer: If you dig deeper and look at the original study, what's being measured is "retirement-plan participation": specifically,
Question: Home owners association for houses, pro/cons Answer: I think it depends a lot on your idea of how you should relate to your neighbors. Personally, I think that I
Question: Can I trust the Motley Fool? Answer: The Motley Fool is generally regarded as relatively legit, at least in that they're not likely to do anything outright fraudulent and
Question: Bank statements - should I retain hardcopies for tax or other official purposes (or keep digital scanned copies)? Answer: Digital records are fine, but record-keeping practices are important. Be
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: If you can make enough ROI from the capital you retain by not paying off your mortgage, then
Question: Covered calls: How to handle this trade? Answer: Your broker likely didn't close your position out because it is a covered position. Why interfere with a trade that has
Question: How does a company select a particular price for its shares? Answer: In the case of an "initial public offering", the brokers underwriting the share issue will look at
Question: Where do I invest my Roth IRA besides stock market and mutual funds? Answer: Many investment companies are also offering target retirement date portfolios to invest in. They manage
Question: Is www.onetwotrade.com a scam? Answer: It is a binary options market licensed by the "gaming authority" of Malta. One of the most liberal "pay to play" jurisdictions in the
Question: Short selling - lender's motivation Answer: Oftentimes, the lender (the owner of the security) is not explicitly involved in the lending transaction. Let's say the broker is holding a
Question: How to teach personal reconciliation and book balancing Answer: If you are wanting to teach your kids basic accounting principles there is some good stuff on Khan Academy. However
Question: Option on an option possible? (Have a LEAP, put to me?) Answer: There are options on options. Some derivative instruments assets ARE options (some ETFs), and you are able
Question: Would I qualify for a USDA loan? Answer: How realistic is it that I will be able to get a home within the 250,000 range in the next year
Question: In Australia, how to battle credit card debt? Answer: JoeTaxpayer mentioned a budget. Staying on top of your spending will be the result of getting out from under this
Question: If the put is more expensive than the call, what does it mean Answer: There are many reasons. Here are just some possibilities: The stock has a lot of
Question: Please explain the relationship between dividend amount, stock price, and option value? Answer: Regarding: 1) What's the point of paying a dividend if the stock price automatically decreases? Don't
Question: Where should I be investing my money? Answer: Don't be too scared of investing in the market. It has ups and downs, but over the long haul you make
Question: Should I invest my money in an ISA or Government bonds? (Or any other suggestion) Answer: I recommend investing in precious metals like gold, considering the economic cycle we're
Question: Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees? Answer: Contractors earn less. Especially the people that are hired under them. They usually have no education, and base
Question: Money market account for emergency savings Answer: I'm not a fan of using cash for "emergency" savings. Put it in a stable investment that you can liquidate fairly quickly
Question: What would I miss out on by self insuring my car? Answer: Insurance is to mitigate risk you can't handle yourself. (All insurance, not just car insurance.) The expected
Question: Making higher payments on primary residence mortgage or rental? Answer: I'll assume you live in the US for the start of my answer - Do you maximize your retirement
Question: How can I get a home loan within 2 years of bankruptcy? Answer: There are a few loan programs that grant exceptions to bankruptcy requirements in the event of
Question: Clarifications On PFIC Rules Answer: Answers: 1: No, Sections 1291-1298 of the IRC were passed in the Reagan adminstration. 2: Not only can a foreign company like a chocolate
Question: Will anything happen to me if the AMT is not re-established before 2011? Answer: Depending on your income, you may owe AMT instead of the taxes from the regular
Question: Joint Account for Common Earnings Answer: Do not use a shared bank account. One of you can cash/deposit the check in your personal account and then either pay the
Question: Do credit checks affect credit scores? Answer: Hard pulls you give your explicit permission to run do affect your credit. Soft pulls do not. While hard pulls affect your
Question: Paying off a loan with a loan to get a better interest rate Answer: I don't know what rates are available to you now, but yes, if you can
Question: Confirming that stocks are listed under my name Answer: Street name is not what you think it is in the question. The broker is the owner in street name.
Question: What do the terms par value, purchase price, call price, call date, and coupon rate mean in the context of bonds? Answer: Unless stated otherwise, these terms apply to
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: If you can borrow for an asset that gives you income that's more than the cost of carrying
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: Not a financially sound decision in my humble opinion. Basically, you are prepaying your taxes
Question: Is it possible for me to keep my credit card APR at 0% permanently? Answer: No. The intro rate is a gambit by the bank - they accept losing
Question: Understanding differences between S&P500 index-tracking ETFs Answer: Regarding SPY: "One SPDR unit is valued at approximately 1/10 of the value of the S&P 500. Dividends are distributed quarterly, and
Question: Is the return on investment better with high or low dividends? Answer: Someone (I forget who) did a study on classifying total return by the dividend profiles. In descending
Question: At what point should I begin paying off student loans? Answer: Its almost always better to pay off loans sooner rather than later. Being debt free is amazingly liberating.
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: Many people assume that if the price of something is $10 and they have 1,000 of that thing, they
Question: Money put down on home Answer: I cannot emphasize enough how important it is, when you buy a house with someone you are not married to, to make a
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: You say you're not on speaking terms: so you do it via your lawyer. You're divorced: so IMO your obligations
Question: Do gift cards expire? Does a gift certificate's value depreciate? How long can I keep them for? Answer: It depends on: In Canada, Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and Nova Scotia
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: I used to use Quicken, but support for that has been suspended in the UK.
Question: Income Tax form in India for freelancing Answer: ITR1 or ITR2 needs to be filed. Declare the income through freelancing in the section "income from other sources"
Question: Is it commonly possible to buy an "Option for a Mortgage at a specific Interest Rate"? Answer: I think the answer to this is just "no." It's not commonly
Question: Buying real estate with cash Answer: i think and what i understand when a house seller is asking for cash, thats means he is looking for a ready and
Question: How does start-up equity end up paying off? Answer: Read the book, "Slicing Pie: Fund Your Company Without Funds". You can be given 5% over four years and in
Question: Is the concept of an "odd lot" adjusted to stock price? Answer: I will assume that you are not asking in the context of high frequency trading, as this
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: The biggest question is do you want to be a landlord? There are a lot of
Question: What happens if someone destroy money? Answer: Depending on the country, nothing. For example, the US has about $1.3 trillion dollars of cash in circulation. Which means that if
Question: First Time Home Buyers - Down Payment, PMI and Points Answer: The question Why would refinancing my mortgage increase my PMI, even though rates are lower? contains a decent
Question: Are Investment Research websites worth their premiums? Answer: Anyone who claims they can consistently beat the market and asks you to pay them to tell you how is a
Question: Online Foreign Exchange Brokerages: Which ones are good & reputable for smaller trades? Answer: The following have been recommended to me for the UK: When I was doing my
Question: Are reimbursements from company taxable,and do I need to deduct them? Answer: I'm assuming that you're in the US. In that case, the answer is that it depends on
Question: How do wire transfers get settled? Answer: Wire transfers normally run through either the Fedwire system or the Clearing House Interbank Payments System (CHIPS). The process generally works like
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: Congratulations on your raise! Is my employer allowed to impose their own limit on my
Question: Why do credit cards require a minimum annual household income? Answer: I don't know, but I can guess. You'll notice the Elite card has higher rewards. A card might
Question: Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees? Answer: Note too that being a contractor means that you will unavoidably have periods between contracts; you tend to
Question: Is CLM a stock or an ETF? Answer: Ask your trading site for their definition of "ETF". The term itself is overloaded/ambiguous. Consider: If "ETF" is interpreted liberally, then
Question: Is housing provided by a university as employer reported on 1040? Answer: To answer your question directly, this is a taxable benefit that they are providing for you in
Question: How can I determine if my rate of return is "good" for the market I am in? Answer: A good way to measure the performance of your investments is
Question: ESPP advantages and disadvantages Answer: You should always always enroll in an espp if there is no lockup period and you can finance the contributions at a non-onerous rate.
Question: Can a dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) and share purchase plan (SPP) be used with a TFSA? Answer: You can hold a wide variety of investments in your TFSA account,
Question: Differences in taxes paid for W2 employee vs. 1099 contractor working on sites like ODesk.com? Answer: Yes, you've summarized it well. You may be able to depreciate your computer,
Question: Where to find Vanguard Index Funds? Answer: No, some of Vanguard's funds are index funds like their Total Stock Market Index and 500 Index. In contrast, there are funds
Question: Stock grant, taxes, and the IRS Answer: If you have a one-time event, you are allowed to make a single estimated payment for that quarter on Form 1040-ES. People
Question: 401k with paltry match or SPY ETF? Answer: I think you understood much of what I say, in general. Unfortunately, I didn't follow Patches math. What I gleen from
Question: How is money actually made from the buying or selling of options? Answer: Today SPY (The S&P ETF) trades at $128. The option to buy at $140 (this is
Question: If banksimple.com is not a bank, what is it? Answer: The model itself is fairly common for serving particular niche markets. A few other organizations which operate in similar
Question: Can one use dollar cost averaging to make money with something highly volatile? Answer: Dollar cost averaging is beneficial if you don't have the money to make large investments
Question: When to trade in a relatively new car for maximum value Answer: I don't disagree with the current answers, but I feel like no one really answered your question
Question: Where do large corporations store their massive amounts of cash? Answer: They are using several banks, hedge funds or other financial institutions, in order to diversify the risk inherent
Question: My Brokerage statement shows "Adjusted due to previous wash sale disallowed loss" what does this mean? Answer: Summary of accepted answer: Your "loss" will not count as a loss
Question: Most effective Fundamental Analysis indicators for market entry Answer: I think by definition there aren't, generally speaking, any indicators (as in chart indicators, I assume you mean) for fundamental
Question: How do I refinance a car loan into someone else's name so it can be their car? Answer: The other person has to decide that they want to be
Question: How are dividends for shareholders of banks paid? Answer: Why? Balance sheet is balance sheet, why is it complicated? Bank shareholders get dividends in exactly the same way as
Question: Tax implications of having some self-employment income? Answer: Havoc P's answer is good (+1). Also don't forget the other aspects of business income: state filing fees, county/city filing fees,
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: I've kind of been there myself. I stretched my finances for the deposit on a house, and lived off my credit
Question: Co-signer deceased Answer: People act like lawsuits are the end of the world, her suing shouldn't be considered a threat, it should be considered the accurate course of action
Question: Bollinger Bands and TRENDING market Answer: If upper and Bollinger bands either converge ... or diverge ..., does that mean the market is TRENDING? No - Bollinger bands measure
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: Just because your slice of pie gets bigger doesn't necessarily mean someone else's becomes smaller.
Question: I got my bank account closed abruptly how do I get money out? Answer: First, if your account has been closed you should not be able to use your
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: RonJohn is right, all shares are owned by someone. Depending on the company, they can be closely held so that nobody wants to sell
Question: Why do stocks priced above $2.00 on the ASX sometimes move in $0.005 increments? Answer: Like in the US, more flexibility is extended to hidden orders. Australia has taken
Question: What is the rationale behind stock markets retreating due to S&P having a negative outlook on the USA? Answer: Many of the major indices retreated today because of this
Question: Why does a stock's price fluctuate so often, even when fresh news isn't available? Answer: It's the buying and selling of the stock that causes the fluctuation in prices,
Question: How risky are penny stocks? Answer: Penny stocks are only appealing to two types of investors: Most of the beginners who invest in penny stocks only do so because
Question: How do you save money on clothes and shoes for your family? Answer: I look ahead for sizes. I was at the thrift store and saw a good condition,
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: sadly, it is illegal in most states to buy a car
Question: Are there guidelines for whom you should trust for financial advice (online, peer, experts, only myself, etc) Answer: Nothing beats statistics like that found on Morning Star, Yahoo or
Question: Do the proceeds from selling an option immediately convert to buying power in a margin account? Answer: Yes. I heard back from a couple brokerages that gave detailed responses.
Question: What is the difference between a stock and a bond? Answer: WilliamKF explained it pretty well, but I want to put it in a more simplistic form:
Question: Beginner dividend investor - first steps Answer: Question 1: How do I start? or "the broker" problem Get an online broker. You can do a wire transfer to fund
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: This is another version of an old scam --
Question: Can someone explain a stock's "bid" vs. "ask" price relative to "current" price? Answer: Both prices are quotes on a single share of stock. The bid price is what
Question: How smart is it really to take out a loan right now? Answer: so this is a loan for a house? a loan on a house? a new mortgage?
Question: What kind of symbol can be shorted? Answer: Any publicly traded financial instrument can be sold short, in theory. There are, however, many regulations associated with short sales of
Question: I am moving to a new city. How do I plan and prepare - financially - for the move? Answer: Some of the costs you might incur include:
Question: Should Emergency Funds be Used for Infrequent, but Likely, Expenses? Answer: The concept of emergency fund is a matter of opinion. I can tell you the consensus is that
Question: What are the pros and cons of investing in a closed-end fund? Answer: One advantage not pointed out yet is that closed-end funds typically trade on stock exchanges, whereas
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: For a car, you're typically compelled to carry insurance, and picking up "comprehensive"
Question: When to trade in a relatively new car for maximum value Answer: So this has been bugging me for a while, because I am facing a similar dilemma and
Question: Can I invest in gold through Vanguard (Or another instrument that should perform well in financial crisis)? Answer: I found a comparison of stock and bond returns. The relevant
Question: How do I use investments to lower my taxes [US]? Answer: Consider the individual who pays $1,000,000 in taxes. His/her income must be substantial. That is what one should
Question: Strategies for paying off my Student loans Answer: Considering I'm in a nearly identical situation, I'll speak to my personal strategy and maybe there's some value for you as
Question: Is keeping track of your money and having a budget the same thing? Answer: What you are doing is neither one. You are simply watching to make sure you
Question: Hypothetical: can taxes ever cause a net loss on otherwise-profitable stocks? Answer: The original post's $16 has two errors: Here is the first scenario: . Tax Liability($) on Net
Question: Learning investment--books to read? Fundamental/Value/Motley Fool Answer: You are smart to read books to better inform yourself of the investment process. I recommend reading some of the passive investment
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Inflation is what happens, it is not good or bad in and of itself. But
Question: What are the marks of poor investment advice? Answer: Bad signs:
Question: Looking to buy a property that's 12-14x my income. How can it be done? Answer: What options do I have? Realistically? Get a regular full time job. Work at
Question: Calculate time to reach investment goals given starting balance? Answer: The Finance functions in spreadsheet software will calculate this for you. The basic functions are for Rate, Payment, PV
Question: What considerations are there for making investments on behalf of a friend? Answer: There's a sizable community of people and fiscal advisers who advocate not managing the money at
Question: What are the benefits to underwriters in a secondary offering? Answer: Your impression about banks and bankers is very wrong. Wall street banks can and often do lose in
Question: which types of investments should be choosen for 401k at early 20's? Answer: The question you should be asking yourself is this: "Why am I putting money into a
Question: Why is everyone saying how desperately we need to save money "in this economy"? Answer: As you point out in your question your risk level is personal. If you
Question: If accepting more than $10K in cash for a used boat, should I worry about counterfeiting? Answer: If you get counterfeit money, then you're dealing with the criminal who
Question: Should you co-sign a personal loan for a friend/family member? Why/why not? Answer: Yes, there are times when co-signing is the right choice. One is when you know more
Question: Why haven't there been personal finance apps or softwares that use regression modeling or A.I.? Answer: How would they make money from it? They sell you the software for
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: Discussions around expected values and risk premiums are very useful, but there's another thing to consider: cash flow. Some individuals have high value assets that
Question: Why does a long/purchased call option have a long position in the option itself? Answer: It will be helpful to establish some definitions: Long "Long" is financial slang for
Question: United States Treasury Not Endorsing Checks Answer: 1.Why is there no "United States Treasury" endorsement? Why should there be, and what do you think it would look like? Some
Question: Moving a personal business to a LLC accounting in California Answer: You can move money in and out of the business at will, just keep track of every transaction.
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: I was hoping to comment on the original question, but it looks to me
Question: How to calculate cash loss over time? Answer: There are two things you need to keep in mind when you look at Inflation as an entity. Inflation is necessary
Question: What is a good rental yield? Answer: I would just like to point out that the actual return should be compared to your down payment, not the property price.
Question: Help! I've cancelled their service, but this company continues to bill my credit card an annual fee. What can I do? Answer: Short of canceling the card, you could
Question: Does a company's stock price give any indication to or affect their revenue? Answer: Most of stock trading occurs on what is called a secondary market. For example, Microsoft
Question: Considerations for holding short-term reserves? Answer: It is a dangerous policy not to have a balance across the terms of assets. Short term reserves should remain in short term
Question: Does the P/E ratio not apply to bond ETFs? Answer: A bond fund has a 5% yield. You can take 1/.05 and think of it as a 20 P/E.
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: Look at the Calvert Funds. They have a variety of "socially responsible" funds with published selection standards. Beware of
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: Sounds like a poorly written piece at best... The way you make money with a mortgage, if you're
Question: New company doesn't allow 401k deposits for 6 months, what to do with money I used to deposit? Answer: Two options not mentioned: -No information about your emergency fund
Question: How would I use Google Finance to find financial data about LinkedIn & its stock? Answer: Remember that "earned" means "earned in profit." A company like LinkedIn may not
Question: When to use a stop limit order over a stop order Answer: I would be using stop limit orders for stocks that are not too volatile. If you look
Question: Why are currency forwards needed? Answer: To speak to this a little more broadly: apart from groups like hedge funds and other investors investing for purely speculative purposes, one
Question: Am I exposed to currency risk when I invest in shares of a foreign company that are listed domestically? Answer: Yes, you're still exposed to currency risk when you
Question: When do companies typically announce stock splits? Answer: In 2005, Apple announced a split on Feb 11... CUPERTINO, California  February 11, 2005  Apple announced today that its
Question: Should I pay half a large balance this month before I get my CC statement? Answer: It will reduce the credit ding you will take but why does it
Question: Multiple mortgage pre-approvals and effects on credit score Answer: The problem is not the credit score; it is the "competing" inquiries. Multiple inquiries will be considered as one if
Question: How safe is a checking account? Answer: In addition to @mhoran_psprep answer, and inspired by @wayne's comment. If the bank won't let you block automatic transfers between accounts, drop
Question: Is a debt collector allowed to make a hard inquiry on your credit report? Answer: According to the Fair Credit Reporting Act: any consumer reporting agency may furnish a
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: The usual pattern is that shareholders don't run companies in a practical
Question: Is it worth investing in Index Fund, Bond Index Fund and Gold at the same time? Answer: Index funds can be a very good way to get into the
Question: My company didn't pay taxes on my behalf Answer: Many a time even if the tax is deducted and paid by the company it does not reflect as a
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: One possibility is to lock in gains by selling,
Question: What percent of my salary should I save? Answer: I am pretty sure you could find a number of financial planners whom you could pay to give you a
Question: Are PINs always needed for paying with card? Answer: Security in the merchant services system is mainly handled in two ways: 1) Before transactions are done, the business itself
Question: Who receives the money when one company buys another? Answer: Shareholders of Monsanto will get the money from Bayer. Shareholders are independent people or entities. Think of Monsanto as
Question: How to minimise the risk of a reduction in purchase power in case of Brexit for money held in a bank account? Answer: GBP has already lost part of
Question: What is the farthest someone would likely be stopped out from their stop loss without setting a stop limit? Answer: It depends on how you place your stop order
Question: Moving savings to Canada? Answer: Yes, you can put assets in Canadian banks. Will it protect your wealth to a greater extent than the FDIC protection provided by the
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: How about doing some calculations and show him how much he is paying for things
Question: Should Emergency Funds be Used for Infrequent, but Likely, Expenses? Answer: For me, the emergency fund is meant to cover unexpected, but necessary expenses that I didn't budget for.
Question: Where do traders take their prices data from? How can it be different from their brokers'? Answer: This is a complicated subject, because professional traders don't rely on brokers
Question: Why is Insider Trading Illegal? Answer: @sdg - If you can be flippant, I can be pedantic. Insider Trading is not illegal. Any employee of a company can be
Question: How can I find/compare custodians for my HSA in the United States? Answer: In general, things to look for are: Things to look out for: I'd recommend two places:
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: 'If i co-sign that makes me 100% liable if for any reason
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: There is another aspect too for the high prices of GOLD. After
Question: What is the cheapest way to move money from the United States to Canada? [duplicate] Answer: No fees: Write a check. Deposit it into the other bank.
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: Im going to suggest something your parents may be reluctant to say: "Grow
Question: Would I qualify for a USDA loan? Answer: Sounds feasible. I make $45000 a year, with two car payments, credit card and student loan debt. Also, my wife doesn't
Question: Is there a Yahoo Finance ticker for NYMEX Crude Oil Front Month? Answer: Yahoo Finance has this now, the ticker is CL=F.
Question: If I were to get into a life situation where I would not be able to make regular payments, do lenders typically provide options other than default? Answer: I
Question: Tax implications of exercising ISOs and using proceeds to exercise more ISOs Answer: I've never heard of an employer offering this kind of arrangement before, so my answer assumes
Question: Buying a building with two flats, can I rent one out and still get a residential mortgage? Answer: The simple answer is to get a residential mortgage first, and
Question: How to get information about historical stock option prices for a defunct company? Answer: Though you're looking to repeat this review with multiple securities and events at different times,
Question: Can I buy and sell a house quickly to access the money in a LISA? Answer: Your first home can be up to 450,000 today. But that figure is
Question: Why is a stock dividend considered a dividend? What makes it different from a stock split? Answer: The key difference I've found between a stock split and a stock
Question: Where to find out conversion ratio between General Motors bonds and new GM stock? Answer: Looks like the result got decided recently, with a little uncertainty about exactly how
Question: Good at investing - how to turn this into a job? Answer: Staying in Idaho, you could pursue some additional degree and try to get a job with a
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: My take is that there are many factors to consider when deciding whether to accelerate payment of a
Question: Isn't an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) a surefire way to make tons of money? Answer: A sure-fire way to make money? Hell no. There are tonnes of scams and
Question: Who are the sellers for the new public stocks? Answer: In an IPO the seller is the Company selling new shares. Some of the IPOs also include something called
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: Credit cards are great. You get free money for 30+ days and a bunch of additional benefits like insurance, extended warranties and
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Certainly not. What some might do,
Question: What legal action can Paypal take against me if I don't pay them and I have a negative balance? Answer: Paypal can take exactly the same legal actions against
Question: How is unmarketable stock valued for tax purposes? Answer: How you are taxed will depend on what kind of stock awards they are. The value will be determined by
Question: If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account? Answer: The bank "credit's" your account for money coming into it. In double
Question: Calculate a weekly payment on a loan when payment is a month away Answer: Using the standard loan formula with 21% APR nominal, compounded weekly. Calculate an adjusted loan
Question: Making your first million is easy! (??) Answer: It is difficult to become a millionaire in the short term (a few years) working at a 9-to-5 job, unless you
Question: Is the "Bank on Yourself" a legitimate investment strategy, or a scam? Answer: I haven't read the book and have no intention of reading it. This definitely looks like
Question: Is there a correlation between self-employment and wealth? Answer: If you could find a breakdown, I suspect that it would show not just that they are self employed but
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: It's probably a scam or maybe some amateur agency trying to put pressure on their target. Normal garnishment
Question: What percentage of my stock portfolio should be international (non-US) stocks? Answer: Rephrasing your question: Am I diversified if I have more than 50% US stocks? I would say
Question: Mutual fund capital gain on my 1099-DIV : no cost basis? Answer: The capital gain is either short-term or long-term and will be indicated on the 1099-DiV. You pay
Question: What is the process of getting your first share? Answer: I actually use a service called etorro, there are social trading and normal trading. It allows me to put
Question: (Almost) no credit unions in New York City, why? Answer: There are 2 credit unions in the Metro NY area that are open to everyone: You might also want
Question: Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY? Answer: This is Ellie Lan, investment analyst at Betterment. To
Question: Why are American-style options worth more than European-style options? Answer: Think of it this way, if you traveled back through time one month - with perfect knowledge of AAPL's
Question: Best way to pay off debt? Answer: The key phrase in your post is that the options are "in a good position now". They may be worthless in three
Question: UK - reclaim VAT on purchases for freelance work Answer: If you mostly do work for businesses/individuals who are VAT registered it's a no-brainer to become VAT registered yourself...
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: There is almost no reason to get a second credit card - this is a very good
Question: Upcoming company merger with company I have stock in, help me interpret what is happening Answer: The "par value" is a technicality that you can ignore in this case,
Question: What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive? Answer: Why do people buy them when they would be cheap to make for themselves? Convenience. While you
Question: First time home buyer: Can you withdraw funds from a Roth 401k for a first time home purchase? Answer: The rules are quite different. There is no special home
Question: How to properly collect money from corporate sponsors? Answer: http://www.legalzoom.com/business-management/starting-your-business/turn-your-calling Answering this, but I expect an expert to give an answer with some insight too There are many more
Question: If I take a loss when I sell my car, can I claim a capital loss deduction on my income tax return? Answer: While you'd need to pay tax
Question: Online service that computes implied volatility Answer: My broker (thinkorswim) offers this from the platform's trade tab. I believe this feature isn't crippled in the PaperMoney version which is
Question: What's the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time? Answer: People rave about Basecamp by 37signals. The impressive part is all the add-ins you
Question: How to find a reputable company to help sell a timeshare? Answer: You are right to be skeptical of timeshare listing companies. As you can imagine, it is very
Question: Form as LLC or S Corp to reduce tax liability Answer: An LLC or an S corp will result in the same tax obligations because both are pass-through tax
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: Of course CDs are worth it compared to the stock market. In fact, most institutional
Question: Self-employed individual 401k self, match, and profit sharing contribution limits? Answer: I can only address this part of it: For instance with a 10k net income, 9293 is the
Question: What makes a stock get 40 times avg daily volume without any news? Answer: Probably the biggest driver of the increased volumes that day was a change in sentiment
Question: Why would someone want to sell call options? Answer: Covered calls, that is where the writer owns the underlying security, aren't the only type of calls one can write.
Question: Where to start with personal finance? Answer: The Money Girl (Quick and Dirty Tips for a richer life) Podcast is a pretty good source for this type of information.
Question: Will I always be able to get a zero-interest credit card? Answer: After looking at the comments, and your replies it seems that your mind is made up: "You
Question: US Tax Form 1040EZ: Do I enter ALL income or ONLY income specified in W-2 forms? Answer: Yes, you need to include income from your freelance work on your
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: Assuming you and your family always get along and everyone is happy with the situation... Should you become
Question: Long term saving: Shares, Savings Account or Fund Answer: There is no rule of thumb (although some may suggest there is). Everybody will have different goals, investment preferences and
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: I have a slightly different take on this, compared to the other answers. In general,
Question: Does wash sale apply if I buy stock on 2 two different dates and sell it later Answer: Wash sale applies. If you purchase shares within 30 days of
Question: How to choose a good 401(k) investment option? Answer: There are not as many options here as you fear. If you have no other investments outside this 401K it
Question: Why would a bank need to accept deposits from private clients if it can just borrow from the Federal Reserve? Answer: They don't actually need to. They accept deposits
Question: How to get started with options investing? Answer: One answer in four days tells you this is a niche, else there should be many replies by now. The bible
Question: Extended family investment or pay debt and save Answer: Here's a little different perspective. I'm not going to talk about the quality of the investment, the expected return, or
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: You acquire something because you expect to use it, or because you expect to exchange it for something that you
Question: Difference between Edward Jones or Betterment Answer: Instead of saying which one is better, which is too subjective, I think it is more important to understand what these institutions
Question: Can my spouse be the primary signer on my car's loan? Answer: Go to your local bank or credit union before talking to a dealership. Ask them if putting
Question: What's the fuss about Credit Score / History? Answer: Since we seem to be discussing credit score and credit history interchangeably, if I can add credit report as the
Question: What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK] Answer: Money Dashboard and Love Money look like two best options out there now that Kublax closed their
Question: Why would this FHA refinance cause my mortgage insurance payment to increase so much? Answer: The PMI premium you pay is dependent on a very large number of variables
Question: Is transfer of long term investment proceeds from India considered taxable in the U.S.? Answer: If you are a US resident (not necessarily citizen) then yes, you do have
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: Without all the details it's hard to tell what options you may have, but none of them
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: Sales tactics for permanent insurance policies can get pretty
Question: Stock portfolio value & profit in foreign currency Answer: I think this will do the trick:
Question: Why can't house prices be out of tune with salaries Answer: They can't keep rising with respect to people's income because eventually you run out of buyers. If there's
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: Probably a big fat NO. Update re this edit: NOTE: I'm not suggesting that I melt the coins. I'm just suggesting that I hold
Question: Approach to share options in the UK Answer: When your options vest, you will have the option to buy your company's stock at a particular price (the strike price).
Question: Is it ok to use a check without a pre-printed check number? Answer: They are valid checks, but you're going to get hassled when you try to use them.
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: First of all, I am sorry for your loss. At this time, worrying about money is probably the
Question: How can I find a report of dividend earned in a FY? Answer: I know this question is old. I also have a kotak trading account. There is no
Question: How does owning a home and paying on a mortgage fit into family savings and investment? Answer: Unless you plan to sell your home and live in a box
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: Would you expect your parents to charge you interest if you borrowed from them? Yes, if they said
Question: If I helped my friend to file taxes; can I represent her on a phone call with FTB? Answer: In order for you to be able to talk to
Question: Simplifying money management Answer: Track your spending and expected income -- on paper, or with a personal-finance program. If you know how much is committed, you know how much
Question: Possible to purchase multiple securities on 1 transaction? Answer: No you can't, as you would have to have a different order for each security. Usually the bigger the order
Question: I'm 23, living at home, and still can't afford my own property. What could I do? Answer: You have made the most important first step by starting to think
Question: How to start investing/thinking about money as a young person? Answer: There are books like, "The Millionaire Mind" that could be of interest when it comes to basics like
Question: Does the common advice about diversification still hold in times of distress Answer: The common advice you mentioned is just a guideline and has little to do with how
Question: Are distributions from an S corp taxable as long term capital gains? Answer: If you have an S-Corp with several shareholders - you probably also have a tax adviser
Question: Do I need to report a capital gain/loss for stock given as a bonus and already taxed? Answer: If you received shares as part of a bonus you needed
Question: Investment strategy for 401k when rolling over soon Answer: You will be rolling over the proceeds, since you can only deposit cash into an IRA. However, this should probably
Question: Selling a car with a lien Answer: You could have the buyer go to the bank with you so that he can get evidence that the loan will be
Question: How much accounting knowledge is needed to read financial statements of publicly traded companies? Answer: I'm a senior majoring in accounting and management information systems. Here is a question
Question: Should I start investing in property with $10,000 deposit and $35,000 annual wage Answer: In general people make a few key mistakes with property: 1) Not factoring in depreciation
Question: Exercise a put option when shorting is not possible Answer: You are the one lending yourself the shares to sell;you purchase the stock at market price and sell at
Question: Where should my money go next: savings, investments, retirement, or my mortgage? Answer: First, i think you're doing awesomely for your age. Here's what i'd do in your situation
Question: How did I end up with a fraction of a share? Answer: It's not that uncommon but it doesn't usually come from standard purchases. Investopedia explains: Definition of 'Fractional
Question: Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash? Answer: Congratulations on being in such good financial state. You have a few investment choices. If you want very low risk,
Question: What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States? Answer: @Alex B already answered the first question. I want to respond to the second and
Question: what is the best way to do a freelancing job over the summer for a student Answer: If this will be your sole income for the year, going self-employed
Question: Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics? Answer: you can relate everything on a credit report, and how
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: It is also worth noting that one of the character defining features
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: There's an aspect to this question that I really love. In general, it's a question about consumer behavior that can be expanded
Question: What percent of my salary should I save? Answer: A single percentage figure makes little sense here as you are asking for a bunch of different things:
Question: Can I request to change 401k offerings from my employer, e.g. to invest in ETFs? Answer: See if any of the funds they offer are index funds, which will
Question: What would happen if the Euro currency went bust? Answer: I'd have anything you would need for maybe 3-6 months stored up: food, fuel, toiletries, other incidentals. What might
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: When you invest in stocks, there are two possible ways to make money: Many people speculate just
Question: Car insurance (UK) excludes commute to and from work, will not pay on claim during non-commute Answer: Having worked in insurance, I can give you a few pointers. Firstly,
Question: where to get stock price forecast Answer: There's only one real list that states what people think stock prices should be, and that's the stocks order book. That lists
Question: What happens to 401(k) money that isn't used by the time the account holder dies? Answer: I understand the answers addressing the question as asked. Yes, inheriting a 401(k)
Question: Should I cash out my Roth IRA to pay my mother's property tax debt, to avoid foreclosure on her home? Answer: @foreverBroke - Ok, here are the questions -
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: This means that if your capital under my management ends up
Question: Contract job (hourly rate) as a 1099: How much would I be making after taxes? Answer: If it's just you working, I'd use a ballpark figure of 35% owed
Question: What is an effective way to invest in electric car industry? Answer: At this time I would say that the electric car industry as a whole is too new
Question: How do investment banks evaluate a private firm going public? Is it based on the assets owned by the company? Answer: They're not going to look very hard at
Question: Precious metal trading a couple questions Answer: Correcting Keith's answer (you should have read about these details in the terms and conditions of your bank/broker): Entrustment orders are like
Question: InteractiveBrokers: How to calculate overnight commissions for CFD? Answer: I have found a good explanation here: http://www.contracts-for-difference.com/Financing-charge.html Financing is calculated by taking the overall position size, and multiplying it
Question: Need to change cash to cashier's check without bank account (Just arrived to the US) Answer: the easiest thing would be to go to walmart and stock up on
Question: What is market capitalization? [duplicate] Answer: Market capitalization is one way to represent the value of the company. So if a company has 10 million shares, which are each
Question: How can I find out what factors are making a stock's price rise? Answer: Because more people bought it than sold it. That's really all one can say. You
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: What sort of emergency requires payment up front for which 2-3 days processing of a stock sale would pose
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: Stock trades are always between real buyers and real sellers. In thinly-traded small stocks, for example, you may not always be able to find
Question: How can a freelancer get a credit card? (India) Answer: Typically Banks look for a steady source of income or savings based on which they issue a credit card.
Question: Any specific examples of company valuations according to Value Investing philosophy? Answer: I highly recommend http://pages.stern.nyu.edu/~adamodar/ Professor Damodaran. He's written some of the best valuation books in existence (my
Question: How can rebuilding a city/large area be considered an economic boost? Answer: You are not wrong. This is called the "Broken Window" fallacy in economics. Imagine if 20% of
Question: Is Cost of Living overstated? Answer: You mention: High rent places are usually also high property value places. Given the tax incentives, it seems like a good long term
Question: Does a US LLC owned by a non-resident alien have to pay US taxes if it operates exclusively online? Answer: Since as you say, an LLC is a pass-through
Question: How can I estimate business taxes / filing fees for a business that has $0 income? Answer: Is the business an S-Corp, LLC or Sole Prop? I am going
Question: What do the points in a stock market index epresent? Answer: The All Ords Index consists of the 500 largest companies by market capitalisation listed on the Australia Stock
Question: How should one structure a portfolio given the possibility that a Total Stock Market Index might decline and not recover for a long time? Answer: Common financial advice is
Question: What is meant by "unexpected expenses" in my 401k plan? Answer: IANAL, but it sounds like indemnification language. They are saying they have the option to charge expenses to
Question: Switching Accountants - who does the audit review for past years? Answer: It depends on what you paid for, but usually audit support is an unrelated engagement to the
Question: Looking for a stock market simulation that's as close to the real thing as possible Answer: There is a site that treats you like a fund manager in the
Question: What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK] Answer: +1 for YNAB. I used to use MS Money until it was decommissioned. I used that to
Question: Resources on how to be a short term trader? Answer: The problem is that while there are a lot of statistics that can be created from basic market data
Question: How hard for US customers make payments to non-resident freelancer by wire transfer? Answer: Can you tell me please, is it really hard to make international wire transfer for
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: My thoughts are that if you've seen considerable growth and the profit amassed would be one that makes sense, you
Question: Why would a country want to use the currency of some other country? Answer: This is more of an economics question than personal finance. That said, I already started
Question: Why big clients want the contractor to be incorporated before giving them work Answer: They believe that it reduces the risk that Revenue Canada will deem you to be
Question: I have a horrible 401k plan, with high expenses. Should I stay with it or move my money elsewhere? Answer: 2%? I would put in just what it takes
Question: Is there any sort of tax write off for unfulfilled pay checks? Answer: Unfortunately, no. Think about the numbers. If you work for me, and I pay you $1000,
Question: How fast does the available amount of gold in the world increase due to mining? Answer: Approximately 5.3 billion ounces have been mined. This puts the total value of
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: Speaking from personal experience: I have had a credit card canceled for exactly this reason.
Question: why the currency data(such as USD/JPY) is different from different source Answer: A day is a long time and the rate is not the same all day. Some sources
Question: One company asks for picture of my debit card Answer: Sounds questionable to me. If there is no way around this I would suggest opening a new account with
Question: One company asks for picture of my debit card Answer: Although it is strange, there is little risk. The first four numbers are just the card type (Visa, Master,
Question: Shouldn't a Roth IRA accumulate more than 1 cent of interest per month? Answer: Unfortunately for investors, returns for equity-based investments are not linear - you'll see (semi-random) rises
Question: Calculation of Loss for GM Bonds and Cost Basis of New Issues Answer: I will say in advance this is not a great answer, but I had a similar
Question: Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing? Answer: There is only one book worth reading in my opinion: One Up on
Question: Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia Answer: Bitcoins are very liquid. They can be sold or spent very easily. And you don't depend on the banks being solvent
Question: Do you know of any online monetary systems? Answer: This site lets people deposit gold into an account. Once you have an account setup you can pay others in
Question: Trying to figure out my student loans Answer: The 5% to 6.5% loan rates are a bit high. You'll probably want to pay those off first, and make it
Question: Hearing much about Dave Ramsey. Which of his works is best in describing his "philosophy" about money? Answer: Actually, Trent Hamm of The Simple Dollar, wrote a "book club"
Question: For an equivalent company security, does it make more sense to trade them in country with dividend tax free? Answer: You might have to pay a premium for the
Question: When would one actually want to use a market order instead of a limit order? Answer: If you have $10000 and wish to buy 1000 shares of a $10
Question: Is it smart to only invest in mid- and small-cap stock equity funds in my 401(k)? Answer: If the stock market dropped 30%-40% next month, providing you with a
Question: Bank will not accept loose change. Is this legal? Answer: They cannot refuse to accept coins and demand some other payment after providing a good or service. Legal tender
Question: Mutual fund value went down, shares went up, no action taken by me Answer: You did something that you shouldn't have done; you bought a dividend. Most mutual fund
Question: Formula that predicts whether one is better off investing or paying down debt Answer: The formula you are looking for is pretty complicated. It's given here: http://itl.nist.gov/div898/handbook/eda/section3/eda3661.htm You might
Question: Announcement of rights offering (above market price) causing stock price increase [duplicate] Answer: This seemed very unrealistic, I mean who would do that? But to my immense surprise the
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: None of the previous answers (which are all good) mention margin accounts (loans from your broker). You may
Question: How can I buy and sell the same stock on the same day? Answer: Because it takes 3 business days for the actual transfer of stock to occur after
Question: As director, can I invoice my self-owned company? Answer: Sure you can. Obviously it means your company will make less profit, saving you 20% corporation tax, while your personal
Question: Having a separate bank account for business/investing, but not a "business account?" Answer: You don't specify which country you are in, so my answers are more from a best
Question: Is there a law or regulation that governs the maximum allowable interest amount that can be charged on credit cards or in agreements where credit is extended? Answer: The
Question: Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating? Answer: There is some benefit to creating a corporation or LLC -- you theoretically have a liability shield.
Question: Doctor's office won't submit claim to insurance after 5 months Answer: I'm a business law student, so medical stuff isn't really my specialty. I'll share with you what I
Question: What is the true value, i.e. advantages or benefits, of building up equity in your home? Answer: The equity you have is an asset. Locked away until you sell,
Question: Investing / Options idiot - how can I get out of this position? Answer: My understanding is that all ETF options are American style, meaning they can be exercised
Question: How can I understand why investors think a particular company should have a high PE ratio? Answer: Does the company see itself expanding into new product lines or new
Question: How much hassle is it inheriting shares? Answer: If you prefer the stock rather than cash, you might find it easier to take the cash, report it, and then
Question: Can a company block a specific person from buying its stock? Answer: A more serious problem: how do you know who's really buying your stock? "Shell companies" are an
Question: what is difference between stock and dividend? Answer: Stock basically implies your ownership in the company. If you own 1% ownership in a company, the value of your stake
Question: Option on an option possible? (Have a LEAP, put to me?) Answer: I understand what you're asking for (you want to write options ON call options... essentially the second
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: I sold my house and had been in the market looking for a replacement house for over
Question: Transfer money from a real estate sale in India to the US Answer: How would I go about doing this? Are there any tax laws I should be worried
Question: Is there a good options strategy that has a fairly low risk? Answer: By coincidence, I entered this position today. Ignore the stock itself, I am not recommending a
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: Seriously. I can't tell you how many times I hear this scenario: Kid graduates college; kid
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: In general, I think you're conflating a lot of ideas. The stock market is not like a supermarket. With
Question: How do I know what loan terms I can qualify for? Answer: You can find out the most money they will loan you for a car loan when you
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: I think that insurance is one of the best things ever created for this reasons:
Question: Selling stocks - capital gains Answer: In the US you specify explicitly what stocks you're selling. Brokers now are required to keep track of cost basis and report it
Question: Using a cash account can someone trade all day on it? Answer: No, you cannot. The cash settlement period will lock up your cash depending on the product you
Question: I just made $50K from selling my house. How should I invest the proceeds? Answer: I know an answer has been accepted, but you need an emergency fund, ideally
Question: Purchasing options between the bid and ask prices, or even at the bid price or below? Answer: People must simply be willing to match your orders if they know
Question: Avoiding Capital Gains Long Term Answer: Yes, you could avoid capital gains tax altogether, however, capital gains are used in determining your tax bracket even though they are not
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: I visited annualcreditreport.com to get my annual credit report. It is only the report, not the score
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: The total value of the stock market more or less tracks the total value of the
Question: Historical share price at exact day and time Answer: You'd have to buy that information. Quoting from this page, Commercial Historical Data Higher resolution and more complete datasets are
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: Personally I would hold off on buying a house until you have the credit card paid down
Question: Should one only pursue a growth investing approach for Roth IRAs Answer: If you are inside of a ROTH IRA you are not getting taxed on any gain. Dividends,
Question: How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading? Answer: The reason that stock buybacks are not considered insider trading is because the offers are open to all on equal
Question: Is it possible for me to keep my credit card APR at 0% permanently? Answer: Banks are in it to make money. But they're expected to provide a social
Question: Short term cutting losses in a long term investment Answer: If you are investing for 10 years, then you just keep buying at whatever price the fund is at.
Question: How do you invest in real estate without using money? Answer: There is (almost) always money involved somewhere, but it doesn't have to come from you. It can be
Question: What mix of credit lines and loans is optimal for my credit score? Answer: I think you are interpreting their recommended numbers incorrectly. They are not suggesting that you
Question: GBP savings, what to do with them if leaving the U.K. in about 2 years time? Answer: Key point here is to remember that GBP isnt falling a lot,
Question: What exactly is a "bad," "standard," or "good" annual raise? If I am told a hard percentage and don't get it, should I look elsewhere? Answer: your question is
Question: How does 83b election work when paying fair market value at time of grant? Answer: Yes, you would pay no taxes at the time of purchase. In fact, this
Question: Do I owe taxes in the US for my LLC formed in the US but owned by an Indian citizen? Answer: This is a complicated question that relies on
Question: Would it be considered appropriate to use a market order for my very first stock trade? Answer: Obvious answer but the limit order should be set at the price
Question: eurodollar future Answer: If they short the contract, that means, in 5 months, they will owe if the price goes up (receive if the price goes down) the difference
Question: Personal checks instead of business ones Answer: I'll assume you are asking about a check for some kind of work or service that you provided them, that they hired
Question: Having a separate bank account for business/investing, but not a "business account?" Answer: Having a separate checking account for the business makes sense. It simplifies documenting your income/expenses. You
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: Because they receive compensation (generally interest + dividends) for loaning out the shares. I own an asset X. Somebody else wants
Question: Events that cause major movement in forex? Answer: Anything related to the central bank will have a large impact, as they are the ones who determine interest rates, and
Question: Is there any benefit to investing in an index fund? Answer: Beatrice does a good job of summarizing things. Tracking the index yourself is expensive (transaction costs) and tedious
Question: How can I get a mortgage I can't afford? Answer: You might also want to talk directly to a bank. If your credit report is clean, they may have
Question: How does a CFD work behind the scenes? Answer: There are several ways that the issuers profit from CFDs. If the broker has trades on both sides (buy and
Question: Probablity of touching In the money vs expiring in the money for an american option Answer: Conceptually, yes, you need to worry about it. As a practical matter, it's
Question: Are multiple hard inquiries for a specific loan type okay? Answer: tl;dr: Your best course of action is probably to do a soft pull (check your own credit) and
Question: Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income? Answer: No, it's not possible. Even if you had no deduction or credits, your federal tax on
Question: How to trade large number of shares? Answer: If you really did have a large share size, a market order would move the price more so in your desired
Question: Does renting a room on AirBnB make all interest taxable? Answer: What theyre fishing for is whether the money was earned in the U.S. It's essentially an interest shelter,
Question: What are the real risks in "bio-technology" companies? Answer: The risk is that everything could go wrong in any phase at any time or they could run out of
Question: Visitor Shopping in the US: Would I get tax refund? Would I have to pay anything upon departure? Answer: Yes, you get a refund but only in a couple
Question: What is the P/E ratio for a company with negative earnings? Answer: When presenting negative P/E values, most brokers and equity analysts show them as "n.m.", which stands for
Question: Using 2 different social security numbers Answer: While I agree with keshlam@ that the gym had no reason (or right) to ask for your SSN, giving false SSN to
Question: How can I live outside of the rat race of American life with 300k? Answer: Consider buying a legal "mother daughter" property, rent out the top part, and live
Question: How is it possible that a preauth sticks to a credit card for 30 days, even though the goods have already been delivered? Answer: Open a dispute for the
Question: In-laws moving in (financial/tax implications)? Answer: GET A LAWYER. Doing business with relatives is business first, and some effort spent in setting things up and nailing down exactly what
Question: Methods for forecasting price? Answer: Assuming a price is set on an free market there are particular difficulties to pricing. A free market is one where the price is
Question: Is sales tax for online purchases based on billing- or shipping address? Answer: From Amazon's Site: "If an item is subject to sales tax in the state to which
Question: Should Emergency Funds be Used for Infrequent, but Likely, Expenses? Answer: This is probably a very opinion-based Q&A. But anyway: My solution to such questions is to have multiple
Question: A stock just dropped 8% in minutes and now all of a sudden the only way to buy is on the ask, what does this mean? Answer: It doesn't
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: Dividends indicate that a business is making more profit than it can effectively invest into expansion or
Question: Retirement Options for Income Answer: I can think of one major income source you didn't mention, dividends. Rather than withdrawing from your pension pot, you can roll it over
Question: How can people have such high credit card debts? Answer: You must understand that not everyone has or can get credit cards. Consider that those who are in the
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: Debt collectors are just doing their job as many people want to evade payment by not responding and
Question: Payroll reimbursments Answer: What they are doing is wrong. The IRS and the state might not be happy with what they are doing. One thing you can ask for
Question: H&R Block says form 1120 not finalized? IRS won't take it yet? Answer: The forms get updated every year, and the software providers need to get approved by the
Question: Bond ETFs vs actual bonds Answer: As keshlam said, an ETF holds various assets, but the level of diversification depends on the individual ETF. A bond ETF can focus
Question: How can my friend send $3K to me without using Paypal? Answer: Have his bank put the money on a gift card or gift cards and have somebody send
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: when you contribute to a 401k, you get to invest pre-tax money. that means part
Question: Can't the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud? Answer: When an someone as esteemed and smart as Donald Knuth tells you the chequing system is
Question: Is there a catch to offers of $100 when opening up a new checking account? Answer: To add in a brief expansion to Portman's complete answer. The payment can
Question: What could be the harm in sharing my American Express statements online? Answer: American Express is great for this use case -- they have two user roles "Account Agent"
Question: Wash sales + restricted stock in USA: grant date or vesting date? Answer: For restricted stock, I think the vesting date meets the requirements of the second wash sale
Question: Is the return on investment better with high or low dividends? Answer: It is a bit more complicated than whether it pays more or less dividends. You should make
Question: Start Investing - France Answer: I am not interested in watching stock exchange rates all day long. I just want to place it somewhere and let it grow Your
Question: What happens if a purchase is $0.02 in Canada? Answer: I think it should be free. Why? I had a coupon for 35, I bought something for 35.01 including
Question: Best starting options to invest for retirement without a 401k Answer: First, check out some of the answers on this question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of
Question: Why would someone want to sell call options? Answer: I do this often with shares that I own - mostly as a learning/experience-building exercise, since I don't own enough
Question: How can I invest my $100? Answer: Sure. For starters, you can put it in a savings account. Don't laugh, they used to pay noticeable interest. You know, back
Question: Is it a good idea to get a mortgage when buying a house, for credit reasons? Answer: It may or may not be a good idea to borrow money
Question: Short Selling Specific to India Answer: In India, as suggested above, short/long position can be taken either in F&O or Spot market. The F&O segment short/long can be kept
Question: What purchases, not counting real estate, will help me increase my cash flow? Answer: Brownbag your lunch and make coffee at home. If your current lifestyle includes daily takeout
Question: Unemployment Insurance Through Options Answer: This is a snapshot of the Jan '17 puts for XBI, the biotech index. The current price is $65.73. You can see that even
Question: CEO entitlement from share ownership? Answer: If I own shares of a company, am I entitled to apply as position of CEO? Sure, but anybody else can apply too.
Question: Why does my bank suddenly need to know where my money comes from? Answer: Banks and credit unions are constantly required to improve their detection methods for suspicious transactions.
Question: Any reason to keep IRAs separate? Answer: Once upon a time, money rolled over from a 401k or 403b plan into an IRA could not be rolled into another
Question: Can housing prices rise faster than incomes in the long run? Answer: When over the long term housing costs in a area rise faster than wages rise, the demographic
Question: Is investing into real estate a good move for a risk-averse person at the moment Answer: If you live and work in the euro-zone, then even after a "crash"
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: Any car manufacturer that undercuts their own dealer network would have
Question: Am I still building a credit score if I use my credit card like a debit card? Answer: I always hesitate to provide an answer to "how does this
Question: Why don't share prices of a company rise every other Friday when the company buys shares for its own employees? Answer: Many companies actually just issue new shares for
Question: How long can I convert 401(k) to Roth 401(k)? Answer: Conversions must be done during the calendar year. This would apply to both IRA and 401(k) accounts. For IRAs,
Question: Typical return for an IRA? How can I assess if my returns were decent? Answer: There is no typical return for an IRA. Understand that an IRA is not
Question: How to avoid tax when taking a windfall in small chunks? Answer: How can I avoid this, so we are taxed as if we are making the $60k/yr that
Question: Should Emergency Funds be Used for Infrequent, but Likely, Expenses? Answer: Which of these categories are emergency funds meant to cover? Emergency funds are for emergencies, which to me
Question: Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal? Answer: Yes, automatic rate increases are typical in my experience (and I think it's very greedy, when it's based on
Question: Does the IRS reprieve those who have to commute for work? Answer: No. Regular W2 employees cannot deduct housing or transportation costs related to their employment. However, in the
Question: Sale of house profit gifted to child Answer: 1) You parents will have to pay tax on the gain as it wasn't their primary home. You dont pay Capital
Question: Why do people buy US dollars on the black market? Answer: The main reason people buy dollars (or other currency) on the black market is because they are prevented
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: Some already mentioned that
Question: Why is the volume highest at the beginning and end of a trading day? Answer: One of the fundamental of technical analysis suggests that holding a security overnight represents
Question: Can a credit card company raise my rates for making a large payment? Answer: No. Credit card companies will typically not care about your individual credit card account. Instead
Question: Why don't forced buy-ins of short sold stock happen much more frequently? Answer: For the lenders to sell their positions they need buyers on the other side. For a
Question: What economic growth rate is required to halve U.S. unemployment? Answer: I believe the Bureau of Labor Statistics has published some numbers in this area... I cannot find them
Question: Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC? Answer: I don't know about the US, but in the UK this is common practice, even required in
Question: Which types of insurances do I need to buy? Answer: Can you afford to replace your home if it suffers major damage in a fire or earthquake? Is your
Question: What will be the long term impact of the newly defined minimum exchange rate target from francs to euro? Answer: The idea behind this move is to avoid or
Question: How to approach building credit without a credit card Answer: Apply for a secured credit card (several financial institutions provide these, including most banks. WalletHub gives you a way
Question: How to incentivize a real-estate broker to find me a cheap house Answer: Shop lots of houses. Find at least three you want and start by offering a low
Question: Taking Losses To Save On Tax Answer: Tax questions require that you specify a jurisdiction. Assuming that this is the US, you owe Federal income tax (at the special
Question: Can extra mortgage payments be made to lower the monthly payment amount? Answer: Some types of loans allow for reamortization (recasting) - which does exactly what you're talking about
Question: Tax benefits to buying stocks on Dec 31 vs. one day later? Answer: For a long term gain you must hold the stock a year and a day, so,
Question: What's the most conservative split of financial assets for my portfolio in today's market? Answer: If you can afford the time and are looking for more deep, and fun,
Question: Where can I find all public companies' information? Answer: Edgar Online is the SEC's reporting repository where public companies post their forms, these forms contain financial data Stock screeners
Question: More money towards down payment versus long-term investments Answer: I'd put the 20% down, close on the house, live in it for a year, and save the difference. If
Question: Algorithmic trading in linux using python Answer: A couple options that I know of: Interactive Brokers offers a "paper trading" mode to its account holders that allows you to
Question: How to sell option with no volume Answer: Volume @ 0 doesn't mean that there are no buyers and sellers, it just means that there hasn't been any trades
Question: What are the advantages of a Swiss bank account? Answer: This doesn't answer your question, but as an aside, it's important to understand that your second and third bullet
Question: Home Valuation in a Dodgy neighborhood Answer: I wouldn't personally spend any money on an appraisal. Spend some time yourself looking at Zillow.com and maybe Realtor.com and other sites
Question: A debt collector will not allow me to pay a debt, what steps should I take? Answer: This may not apply in your particular situation, but I think it's
Question: Dispute credit card transaction with merchant or credit card company? Answer: You should dispute the transaction with the credit card. Describe the story and attach the cash payment receipt,
Question: When is it worth it to buy dividend-bearing stocks? Answer: Yes, they are, and you've experienced why. Generally speaking, stocks that pay dividends will be better investments than stocks
Question: Accidentally opened a year term CD account, then realized I need the money sooner. What to do? Answer: I did find this information from the US Department of the
Question: Is there a return-on-investment vs risk graph anywhere? Answer: There may well be several such graphs, I expect googling will turn them up; but the definition of risk is
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: Money is a commodity like any other, and loans are a way to "buy" money. Like any
Question: Should you co-sign a personal loan for a friend/family member? Why/why not? Answer: My thoughts on loaning money to friends or family are outlined pretty extensively here, but cosigning
Question: super confused about bid and ask size. help Answer: The principle of demand-supply law will not work if spoofing (or layering, fake order) is implemented. However, spoofing stocks is
Question: When to trade in a relatively new car for maximum value Answer: Cars depreciate the most their first year after introduction. So you could buy a "new" car in
Question: What are the benefits of investing to IRA/Roth IRA, 401(k) in comparison to investing in long term CDs? Answer: For the period 1950 to 2009, if you adjust the
Question: How do amortization schedules work and when are they used? Answer: Amortization is the process by which your loan balance decreases over time. For both mortgages and credit card
Question: Canadian Citizen and Non Resident for tax purposes Answer: However, you might have to pay taxes on capital gains if these stocks were acquired during your prior residency.
Question: Can I save our credit with a quickie divorce? Answer: If you're not insolvent, doing something like this is both a moral and legal hazard: When you are insolvent,
Question: Wash Sales and Day Trading Answer: Great question! It can be a confusing for sure -- but here's a great example I've adapted to your scenario: As a Day
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: There is the iShares Jantzi Social Index Fund.
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: I suppose it depends on your goals and expectations, but I'd argue its not easy.
Question: Common practice for start/end date of balance sheet Answer: One's paycheck typically has a YTD (year to date) number that will end on the latest check of the year.
Question: What does it mean that stocks are "memoryless"? Answer: It means price movements in the past do not affect price movements in the future. Think of the situation of
Question: Is there such a thing as a deposit-only bank account? Answer: There is such a thing as Deposit Only. This will allow the individual's account to function only for
Question: Is there any algorithm to calculate highest possible return on stock market? Answer: You can statistically estimate the maximal loss/gain over a period of time T by the highest
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: You say A #1 priority, that implies multiple #1 priorities. Long term or medium term my goal is
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: If you can set up automatic payments (like direct debits in the UK) and you
Question: Does the Black-Scholes Model apply to American Style options? Answer: A minor tangent. One can claim the S&P has a mean return of say 10%, and standard deviation of
Question: Should I buy ~$2200 of a hot stock or invest elsewhere? Answer: Your debt is insane. Forget investing, pay off your debt. You owe 100% of your salary, with
Question: Difference between GOOGL and GOOG Answer: Source
Question: How can I buy and sell the same stock on the same day? Answer: You should not have to wait 3 days to sell the stock after purchase. If
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: Take a look at FolioFN - they let you buy small numbers of shares and fractional shares too. There
Question: U.S. Mutual Fund Supermarkets: Where are some good places to buy mutual funds? Answer: I personally like Schwab. Great service, low fees, wide variety of fund are available at
Question: What is the best way to get cash from my retirement accounts for a home down payment? Answer: The best way to get cash from retirement is to not
Question: Choosing a vehicle to invest a kid's money on their behalf (college, etc.)? Answer: One other advantage of a 529 versus a simple investment account (like an UGMA/UTMA) is
Question: How should I interpret this industry research? Answer: As BobbyScon said in the comments, invest in a company that is developing in that field. Or invest in a company
Question: Good way to record currency conversion transactions in personal accounting software? Answer: I found an answer by Peter Selinger, in two articles, Tutorial on multiple currency accounting (June 2005,
Question: Taxing GoFundMe Donations Answer: From WePay (GoFundMe's payment processor) support. I received only gifts and donations. Will I receive a Form 1099-K? As of 2015, the IRS has clarified
Question: Paying extra on a mortgage. How much can I save? [duplicate] Answer: When is the best time to pay? At the end of each year? If you save $1,000
Question: What's a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada? Answer: Now, if you're still intrested, Mint.com works also for Canadian banks. Mint Canada
Question: What will be the capital gains tax after we sell a rental home? Answer: This will be a complex issue and you will need to sit down with a
Question: What is a decent rate of return for investing in the markets? Answer: What do you think is a reasonable rate of return? A reasonable rate really breaks down
Question: I keep getting overcharged at the grocery store. Foul play? Answer: Of course, there is no way for us to know whether or not the clerk is trying to
Question: How does a stake sale affect a company's stock price? Answer: Is it normal for such transactions to create new outstanding shares? Yes a company can create new shares
Question: Financed medical expenses and tax deductions Answer: You deduct expenses when you incur them (when you pay the hospital, for example). Medical expenses are deducted on Schedule A, subject
Question: Should I use put extra money toward paying off my student loans or investing in an index fund? Answer: Not all debt is bad. If it carries a reasonable
Question: Why do employers require you to spread your 401(k) contributions throughout the year to get the maximum match? Answer: If one makes say, $10K/mo, and the company will match
Question: Will the stock market continue to grow forever? Answer: The stock market may not grow "forever". There will be growth in the stock market, though. The stock market is
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: paying it off over time, which I know is the point of the card That may very well be the card
Question: When are investments taxed? Answer: An investment is sold when you sell that particular stock or fund. It doesn't wait until you withdraw cash from the brokerage account. Whether
Question: What's the smartest way to invest money gifted to a child? Answer: I was in a similar situation with my now 6 year old. So I'll share what I
Question: Wash sales and year end tax implications Answer: Yes, the net effect is zero. If you own zero shares by Nov 30, for example, and don't buy any more
Question: Cashing a cheque on behalf of someone else Answer: If the cheque is crossed (as almost all are these days), it can only be paid into an account in
Question: Is selling put options an advisable strategy for a retiree to generate stable income? Answer: There is only one way to create "stable" income using options: write COVERED calls.
Question: Taxes due for hobbyist Group Buy Answer: From the poster's description of this activity, it doesn't look like he is engaged in a business, so Schedule C would not
Question: Self Employed, but not required to pay estimated taxes? Answer: The annualized method allows you to take a look at each quarter independently and pay the tax in the
Question: Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again? Answer: Only reason I can think of is that having a credit card, or several, is handy for
Question: Should I include my hard assets as part of my net worth? Answer: Net worth is interesting as it can have a different number assigned depending on your intent.
Question: Is it inadvisable to leave a Roth IRA to charity upon death? Answer: You need to keep in mind that there's an exemption amount of more than $5M (five
Question: Can you have a positive return with a balance below cost basis? Answer: Have you owned the stock for longer than 2015? The stock appears to have grown in
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: Another factor to consider is that resale value of the laptop
Question: Why invest in becoming a landlord? Answer: There are at least three important aspectss missing from your equation. However they come with some uncertainty as one typically cannot tell
Question: Do stock prices really go down by the amount of the dividend? Answer: Here is one study http://rfs.oxfordjournals.org/content/7/4/711.short I quote from the abstract "In a variety of tests, marginal
Question: What is the difference between equity and assets? Answer: Equity does not represent production divisions in a company (i.e. chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla does not make sense). In Sole
Question: Newbie question - Brokerage and selling shares Answer: And to answer your other questions about fees, there are a number of sites that compare brokers' fees, Google "broker fee
Question: Can a custodian refuse prior-year IRA/HSA deposit postmarked April 15? Answer: The "must be postmarked" language might be just from the old bank itself, not from the IRS. The
Question: When would one actually want to use a market order instead of a limit order? Answer: Firstly what are you trading that you could lose more than you put
Question: Are cashiers required to check a credit card for a signature in the U.S.? Answer: Who cares? If your card gets stolen, most cards provide you with 100% liability
Question: Are there brokers or companies who trade Forex and make money for us on our investment? And do you think fxtradeinvestment is legit? Answer: So you think there is
Question: Advantages/Disadvantages to refinancing online? Answer: For what its worth, I recently closed on a 30 year refinance mortage with an agent I found through Zillow. The lender has a
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: Remember that due to inflation you are paying back the loan with cheaper dollars in
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: It all depends on what your financial goals are when you are ready.
Question: Can I buy stock of a company that just IPO Answer: Yes, you could buy a stock on the day of its IPO. I'm a college student, and I
Question: How can I get a mortgage I can't afford? Answer: Save up a bigger downpayment. The lender's requirement is going to be based on how much you finance, not
Question: Long term investment for money Answer: I know of no way to answer your question without 'spamming' a particular investment. First off, if you are a USA citizen, max
Question: Currently sole owner of a property. My girlfriend is looking to move in with me and is offering to pay 'rent'. Am I at risk here? Answer: Disclaimer: I
Question: Why is financial data of some public companies not available on Yahoo Finance? Answer: In general, the short answer is to use SEDAR, the Canadian database that compiles financial
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Pay off the credit cards. From now on, pay off the credit cards monthly. Under
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: It is ALWAYS possible for a company's valuation in the market
Question: Is my stock gone forever from a reverse split / bought by another company? Answer: GT BIOPHARMA, INC. ANNOUNCES REVERSE STOCK SPILT AS PART OF OXIS-GEORGETOWN PLANNED MERGER LOS
Question: I gave an incorrect account number to pay my income taxes Answer: They will not send a bill, though there's a chance they will eventually send an accusatory letter.
Question: What would the broker do about this naked call option? Answer: The broker would give you a margin call and get you to deposit more funds into your account.
Question: Buying shares in employer's company during IPO Answer: Rather than take anyone's word for it (including and especially mine) you need to do think very carefully about your company;
Question: Why do credit cards have minimum limits? Answer: They have a minimum to discourage applications for that particular card. Every application costs them money because they have to pay
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: You're not clueless at all. You don't mention that you have any debt,
Question: how derivatives transfer risk from one entity to another Answer: By buying the call option, you are getting the benefit of purchasing the underlying shares (that is, if the
Question: How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line? Answer: Cheapest is one thing. You can absolutely shop in the market and find the lowest possible price.
Question: Why don't banks allow more control over credit/debit card charges? Answer: A few years ago I had a US bank credit card that was serviced (all support, website, transaction
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: Sheesh, are people kidding here? It's a gift. It's not fraud. Just keep
Question: Are stock prices likely drop off a little bit on a given friday afternoon? Answer: It is called the Monday Effect or the Weekend Effect. There are a number
Question: Why doesn't the market capitalization of a company match its acquisition price during a takeover? Answer: Short answer: google finance's market cap calculation is nonstandard (a.k.a. wrong). The standard
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: I'll chime in here with the "don't do it crowd." I think it's fraught with ugly possibilities. However, you may,
Question: Why do people invest in mutual fund rather than directly buying shares? Answer: How on earth can you possibly know what is going on in individual company X? The
Question: State tax issues for NJ resident with DC tax withheld, and likely refunded Answer: If you already filed the DC return, you can try and wait with filing the
Question: Digital envelope system: a modern take Answer: My wife and I use a digital form of the envelope system. We call it a budget; we record how much we
Question: How do you find an ethical, honest independent insurance broker in Canada? Answer: How do you find an ethical, honest practitioner of any business? One: Make a small transaction
Question: Where do stock traders get realtime updates on Fed announcements? Is there a feed I could scrape? Answer: Bloomberg terminal is a pretty standard way nowadays to get this
Question: How to deal with activist targeting of individual stocks? Answer: The easiest way to deal with risks for individual stocks is to diversify. I do most of my investing
Question: UK Limited Company paying third party medical costs Answer: One possibility to consider would be making an arrangement with a registered UK charity where you would donate the necessary
Question: Yahoo finance vs SEC filings fundamentals Answer: Sure, Yahoo Finance makes mistakes from time to time. That's the nature of free data. However, I think the issue here is
Question: Should I get a personal loan to pay on my mortgage to go "above water" to qualify for a refinance? Answer: Let's say you owe $200K (since you didn't
Question: How to split stock earnings? Answer: Let's suppose your friend gave your $100 and you invested all of it (plus your own money, $500) into one stock. Therefore, the
Question: Sell or keep rental Property? Answer: And he has to pay for it every home repair and every month the property sets empty. His loss each month is not
Question: Historical stock prices: Where to find free / low cost data for offline analysis? Answer: There are several Excel spreadsheets for downloading stock quotes (from Yahoo Finance), and historical
Question: Reasons for a warrant's intrinsic value and price not adding up? Answer: While on the surface it may seem that the warrant you described is trading below intrinsic value,
Question: What is street-side booking? Answer: This is a technical term referring to the "double entry"-styled book keeping of trades by brokers. Suppose a client executes a buy order with
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: No, they are not recession proof. Assume several companies, that issued bonds in the fund, go bankrupt. Those bonds could be
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: A 25% variance in price, in most markets, isn't so crazy as to require
Question: Dealing with event driven market volatility Answer: If you're worried about volatility, and you're in mostly long positions, you should be looking to diversify your portfolio (meaning, buying some
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: Buy a rental property instead. You get tax benefits as well as passive income. And it pays for itself
Question: How should I deal with my long term gain this year? Answer: Long term capital gains are taxed at 15% this year, so the most you stand to save
Question: Is it better to miss the dividend and buy the undervalued stock? Answer: I guess the answer lies in your tax jurisdiction (different countries tax capital gains and income
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: For one thing fund managers, even fund management companies, own less
Question: Is there a reason to buy a 0% yield bond? Answer: No, there isn't. There are a number of reasons that institutions buy these bonds but as an individual
Question: If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money? Answer: You must mean the current debt ceiling debacle. The meaning of it is: US
Question: Ethics and investment Answer: There are the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices. I believe the reports used to create them are released to the public. This could be a good
Question: How much financial information should a buyer give an estate agent? Answer: My guess is they are fishing for business for their in-house finance person. In the UK, all
Question: New car cash vs finance Answer: The question is about the dealer, right? The dealer isn't providing this financing to you, Alfa is, and they're paying the dealer that
Question: What does net selling or buying of a stock mean? Answer: I'm not sure the term actually has a clear meaning. We can think of "what does this mean"
Question: What's a good way to find someone locally to help me with my investments? Answer: I strongly suggest personal referral. Ask all of your friends/family/neighbors/co-workers/dog-sitter what they think of
Question: Options profit calculation and cash settlement Answer: Depending on the day and even time, you'd get your $2 profit less the $5 commission. Jack's warning is correct, but more
Question: Effect of Quantitative Easing on Price of Bonds Answer: QE is artificial demand for bonds, but as always when there are more buyers than sellers the price of anything
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: It's because true competition does not exist in the movie theater business. If you wanted to open up
Question: Is it better to miss the dividend and buy the undervalued stock? Answer: The stock tends to drop by the amount of the dividend -- or if you prefer
Question: Why would anyone buy a government bond? Answer: Building on the excellent explanation by "Miichael Kjrling": Why would you rather "term deposit" your money in a bank and only
Question: When filing taxes in Canada, in what cases does box 39 on the T4 get reported as half of box 38? Answer: Assuming you purchased shares that were granted
Question: What risks are there acting as a broker between PayPal and electronic bank transfers? Answer: This sounds like a scam. Did they email you out of the blue to
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: In your comment in response to this answer, you said that your biggest issue
Question: Is it correct to call an exchange-traded note a type of ETF? Answer: They're exchange traded debt, basically, not funds. E.g. from the NYSE: An exchange-traded note (ETN) is
Question: Lend money at a rate linked to the prime rate Answer: Yes. In the US these are called certificates of deposit or savings accounts. Every run-of-the-mill bank offers them.
Question: Why buy a vertical spread if I could instead buy a naked call? Answer: Question: are you saying that buying a call is better than buying a vertical spread
Question: Closing a credit card with an annual fee without hurting credit score? Answer: The two factors that will hurt you the most is the age of the credit account,
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: Vanguard offers an index fund. Their FTSE Social Index Fund. For more information on it, go here.
Question: Reason for "qualified" buyer requirements to exercise stock options/rights spun off from parent company? Answer: An option gives you the legal right to buy stock. However, you cannot exercise
Question: Do the tax consequences make it worth it for me to hold ESPP stock? Answer: To try to answer the three explicit questions: Every share of stock is treated
Question: Tax brackets in the US Answer: I suggest taking a look at your pay stub or pay statement. Your employer should provide you with one for each time you
Question: Steps/Procedures to open an online stock trading account in the US Answer: Since you are not starting with a lot of cash the commissions may eat into your account.
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: Research the company that is all I can say this company has horrible reviews.
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: I am not preparing for a sudden, major, catastrophic collapse in the US dollar. I am, however, preparing
Question: How do I determine if sale proceeds from an asset are taxable? Answer: Profit = Sale price - Basis Basis = Purchase price - any depreciation taken, including expensing
Question: What are the consequences of not respecting a notice period when leaving a job? Answer: When I was pursuing my Business Degree in Canada we were told the standard
Question: question regarding W4 Answer: Yes. W4 determines how much your employer will withhold from your wages. Leaving everything at default would mean that your salary is your only taxable
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: Renting a house out using a management company is mostly passive income. Earning affiliate income from companies that pay on
Question: I file 83(b) election, but did't include a copy of it in that years tax return Answer: I've talked to several very experienced accountants that deal with startup shares,
Question: How to calculate how far a stock price can drop before a broker would issue a margin call? Answer: With your numbers, look at it this way - You
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: MoneyStrands is a site very similar to Mint, but does not force you to link bank accounts. You
Question: How To Interpret Share Prices? Answer: The missing information is at the end of the first line: the price is from NASDAQ (most specifically Nasdaq Global Select), which is
Question: Live in Oregon and work in Washington: Do I need to file Oregon state taxes? Answer: Yes. Here's the answer to this question from oregon.gov: 3. I am moving
Question: Brokerage account for charity Answer: If the charity accepts stock, you can avoid the tax on the long term cap gain when you donate it. e.g. I donate $10,000
Question: How do I get a Tax Exemption Certificate for export from the US if I am in another country? Answer: Depends on the state, in Texas you should charge
Question: What is the p/e ratio? Answer: The price to earnings ratio is a measure of the company's current share price compared to the annual net earnings per share. The
Question: Paid credit card bill, but money didn't leave my checking account [duplicate] Answer: The fact that your credit card has seen the payment is strong evidence that the transaction
Question: Can stock market gains be better protected under an LLC arrangement? Answer: All corporate gains are taxed at the same rate as corporate income, for the corporate entity, so
Question: What happens when a non-U.S. citizen who's been making money from the U.S. moves to the U.S.? Answer: Its not for US citizens - its for US residents. If
Question: Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold? Answer: The "conventional wisdom" is that you should have about 5% of your portfolio
Question: Covered Call Writing - What affects the price of the options? Answer: All else being equal, you should look for more volatile (riskier) stocks. Technically, it was all time
Question: Why invest in becoming a landlord? Answer: Let me add a few thoughts that have not been mentioned so far in the other answers. Note that for the decision
Question: At what point should I begin paying off student loans? Answer: Pay off your highest-interest debt first: credit card, car, maybe even mortgage. Pay minimums on all else. Student
Question: Visiting vacation rental with immediate family Answer: If you and your wife are owners, your tickets might be a business expense against the rental income. 'Might' as in the
Question: United Kingdom: Where to save money for a property deposit Answer: The chancellor announced an ISA in this week's budget intended for people saving to buy their first home.
Question: Can another tax loss be used to offset capital gains taxes? How does it work? Answer: Capital gains and losses offset each other first, then your net gain is
Question: A guy scammed me, but he gave me a bank account number & routing number. Can I use that to take out what he owes me? Answer: What legal
Question: Money Structuring Answer: In the Anti-Money Laundering World ( AML) , structuring consists of the division ( breaking up) of cash transactions, deposits and withdrawals, with the intent to
Question: What is value investing? What are the key principles of value investing? Answer: Fama-French would be a couple of names if you want to look at this from a
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: It probably doesn't matter since your credit and your checking are at the same
Question: Can I use a different HSA than PayFlex that came with aetna? Answer: Much of this is incorrect. Aetna owns Payflex for starters, and it's your EMPLOYER who decides
Question: Highest market cap for a company from historical data Answer: In common with many companies, Microsoft has been engaging in share buyback programmes, where it buys its own shares
Question: Is it a good investment for a foreigner to purchase a flat/apartment in China? Answer: More infomation is needed for any meaningful discussion about this. I just assume you
Question: How can IV give an indication of the markets opinion about a stock when there's no such thing as IV for a stock? Answer: Since near-term at-the-money (ATM) options
Question: Retirement planning: Pension or personal saving/investing? Answer: with me and my wife coming from different countries, and us both living in a non-native country, we have very little clue
Question: Cannot get a mortgage because I work through a recruiter Answer: As a follow-up, I was able to find a bank that gave me a loan. I just called
Question: Do company-provided meals need to be claimed on my taxes? Answer: It looks like the resource to deciding these is here Concerning the meals, the law seems a bit
Question: Get interest on $100K by spending only $2K using FOREX rollovers? Answer: I'm smart enough to know that the answer to your questions is 'no'. There is no arbitrage
Question: Can I prove having savings without giving out the account number? Answer: Giving out your bank account number is not generally a security problem. The first time you write
Question: What happens when the bid and ask are the same? Answer: This question is impossible answer for all markets but there are 2 more possibilities in my experience:
Question: What's The Best Way To Pay Off My Collections? Answer: If you can pay it then there's no need to involve a credit counselor. After all, their main role
Question: Freehold and Leasehold for Pub/Bar? Answer: You should be aware that many pubs in the London (indeed, the UK as a whole) are sold as a leasehold with a
Question: How does an enlarged share base affect share price? Answer: Most of the time when a stock splits to create more shares, it is done to bring the price
Question: How does GST on PayPal payments work for Australian Taxation? Answer: TL;DR - my understanding of the rules is that if you are required to register for GST (earning
Question: Do I owe taxes in the US for my LLC formed in the US but owned by an Indian citizen? Answer: You're doing business in the US and derive
Question: What are the benefits of opening an IRA in an unstable/uncertain economy? Answer: Yes, it's possible to withdraw money without penalty but you have to do it in a
Question: Why diversify stocks/investments? Answer: Any investor can make a bad bet, even Buffett. Even if you have done every bit of research on an investment possible you are exposed
Question: My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&P 500. What should I do? Answer: Fire your fund manager. There are several passive funds that seek to
Question: Diversify or keep current stock to increase capital gains Answer: The biggest challenge with owning any individual stock is price fluctuation, which is called risk. The scenarios you describe
Question: Purchase same stock twice Answer: Investors purchase additional shares all the time. Every investor that adds money to their investments does this every paycheck or every month. Investors do
Question: How can I find the historical stock price for a specific stock on a specific date? Answer: A quick search showed me that UEP merged into Ameren on Dec
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: Visit paypalblows.org to find out more reasons. PayPal wants your bank account
Question: Why don't share prices of a company rise every other Friday when the company buys shares for its own employees? Answer: Let's take an example: IBM has about 430,000
Question: How long can a company keep the money raised from IPO of its stocks? Answer: You realize that most of the money raised through the IPO process doesn't go
Question: What forms of payment am I compelled to accept? Answer: I just listened to a podcast on this topic this week, and Satanicpuppy is pretty much correct. If you
Question: Can my rent to own equity be used as a downpayment? Answer: I think you need to go to a local bank and ask. The key thing is paper
Question: Why can't I short a stock that sells for less than $5? Is there another way to "go short" on them? Answer: I think George's answer explains fairly well
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: As the other answers suggest, there are a number of ways of going about it and the
Question: Are stocks only listed with one exchange in one place? Answer: Depends. The short answer is yes; HSBC, for instance, based in New York, is listed on both the
Question: Lifetime ISA: What are the chances of a reputable Bank offering it? Answer: The Skipton Building Society has recently announced that it is offering a cash LISA. According to
Question: What would happen if the Euro currency went bust? Answer: Each country would have to go back to its own currency, or the rich countries would just kick the
Question: Section 179 vs depreciation of laptop Answer: I'm not a tax expert, but I think you mean Form 4562, right? If you acquire the laptop in the year for
Question: Is it true that Income Tax was created to finance troops for World War I? Answer: Canada did not introduce income taxes before World War I. Specifically deficits forced
Question: Can gold prices vary between two places or country at the same time? Answer: Most of the gold prices at international markets are USD denominated. Hence the prices would
Question: Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan? Answer: Buying a car is a very big financial decision. There are three major factors to decide which car
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: First, let me fill in the gaps on your situation, based on the numbers you've given so far. I estimate
Question: What is the meaning of "short selling" or "going short" a stock? Answer: Rich's answer captures the basic essence of short selling with example. I'd like to add these
Question: What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity? Answer: Extrinsic value is not a factor with respect to gold. Intrinsic value by definition is the natural value
Question: What is a clearing bank, in specific, what does RMB clearing bank do? Answer: Clearing means processing unsettled transactions. Specifically - all the money transfers between the banks, in
Question: Does my net paycheck decrease as the year goes on due to tax brackets filling up? Answer: It seems that you are misunderstanding how your taxes are calculated. You
Question: The penalty on early redemption of a personal loan Answer: In month 9 you still owe $7,954.25. You need to pay that, plus the $250. At that line, you
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: This is not only a scam but it is
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: First of all debt is a technology that allows borrower to bring forward their spending; it's a financial
Question: Short term parking of a large inheritance? Answer: What are the options available for safe, short-term parking of funds? Savings accounts are the go-to option for safely depositing funds
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: The worth of a credit score (CS) is variable. If you buy your stuff outright with 100% down then your
Question: Tracking Gold and Silver (or any other commodity investment) in Quicken 2010? Answer: I would track it using a regular asset account. The same way I would track the
Question: Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees? Answer: All the existing answers are right and the general theme is: contracting is a different kind of relationship.
Question: Should I pay half a large balance this month before I get my CC statement? Answer: From what I have heard on Clark Howard if you pay your balance
Question: Not paying cash for a house Answer: You could use the money to buy a couple of other (smaller) properties. Part of the rent of these properties would be
Question: What would be the signs of a bubble in silver? Answer: If markets were perfectly efficient, the price should reflect everything that is currently known about the future of
Question: Gauge the strength of the resistance level of a stock just using EMA Answer: Firstly, you mean resistance not support, as a support is below the current price and
Question: Why haven't there been personal finance apps or softwares that use regression modeling or A.I.? Answer: What would they be trying to predict? The value YNAB and Mint provide
Question: How does a online only bank protect itself against fraud? Answer: There are Cyber Security and Reporting Standards which Financial Service Provider (Banks and Financial services where customers deposit
Question: What is the principle of forming an arbitrage strategy? Answer: Arbitrage is basically taking advantage of a difference in price. Generally extending to "in different places for the same
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: A lot of these answers are strong, but at the end of the day this question
Question: How do I know if refinance is beneficial enough to me? Answer: The proper answer is that you run the numbers and see whether what you'll save in interest
Question: What are reasonable administrative fees for an IRA? Answer: Whether or not it's reasonable is a matter of opinion, but there are certainly cheaper options out there. It does
Question: How to convert coins into paper money or deposit coins into bank account, without your bank in local? Answer: Ask around your area. Some stores will exchange because it
Question: Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation Answer: She seems to be paying an inordinate amount of money for car payments. $850/month is just too high. She may be
Question: I have a million dollars of disposable income. What should I do to best benefit the economy? Answer: At first, I thought this might be too broad. There are
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: Another unmentioned reason: flexibility and liquidity. There is a fundamental difference
Question: 1099-MISC vs K-1  duplicated numbers? Answer: Well, you won't be double taxed based on what you described. Partners are taxed on income, typically distributions. Your gain in the
Question: When will Canada convert to the U.S. Dollar as an official currency? Answer: I don't see countries switching to the USD, I see countries moving away from it. The
Question: How can I invest in an index fund but screen out (remove) certain categories of socially irresponsible investments? Answer: It would involve manual effort, but there is just a
Question: Historical stock prices: Where to find free / low cost data for offline analysis? Answer: I also prefer to crunch the numbers myself. Here are some resources:
Question: ETFs mirroring consistently outperforming companies? Answer: What you may be looking for are multi-manager ETFs; these invest in a basket of diversified funds to get the best out of
Question: Why pay estimated taxes? Answer: Same argument and answer for investing instead of paying off debt, or borrowing to invest. Risk. What happens if the stocks drop by 10%?
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I probably wouldn't turn down a raise, but there are some circumstances in which you might hesitate. Having
Question: First time investing in real-estate, looks decent? Answer: This might be a good idea, depending on your personality and inclinations. Key points: How close is the building to you?
Question: How to calculate how much a large stock position is really worth? Answer: One of two things is true: You own less than 5% of the total shares outstanding.
Question: Rental Application Fees Answer: Slightly abbreviated version of the guidance from NOLO.com California state law limits credit check or application screening fees landlords can charge prospective tenants and specifies
Question: What to know before purchasing Individual Bonds? Answer: A few points that I would note: Call options - Could the bond be called away by the issuer? This is
Question: Google market cap Answer: You are right: if the combined value of all outstanding GOOG shares was $495B, and the combined value of all GOOGL shares was $495B, then
Question: Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock Answer: You are correct in thinking actual number of shares do not matter,
Question: Can I do periodic rollovers from my low-perfoming 401k to an IRA? Answer: There are certain allowable reasons to withdraw money from a 401K. The desire to free your
Question: How do I Fundamentally Analyze this Stock so I may see if the Company is Running Well? Answer: a) Nothing would support this company going back to $.50 per
Question: F-1 student investing in foreign markets Answer: You cannot have off-campus employment in your first year, but investments are considered passive income no matter how much time you put
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: Let's face it: most people pay more in insurance premiums than they "get back" in
Question: How U.S. Depreciation works Explain in brief? Answer: If a business tool has a limited lifespan, it's value decreases (depreciates) from year to year. The business can capture that
Question: Adjusting a value for inflation each month using rolling 12-monthly inflation figures Answer: The actual increase in the cost of living for one month over the previous month cannot
Question: How to calculate new price for bond if yield increases Answer: Edited to incorporate the comments elsewhere of @Atkins Assuming, (apparently incorrectly) that duration is time to maturity: First,
Question: Tax intricacies of MLP in a Roth IRA Answer: You seem to have it right. Unless you have a big position, having MLP shares in your IRA will not
Question: Is it safe to take a new mortgage loan in Greece? Answer: The safest financial decisions that you can make in Greece involve getting your money out of Greece.
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: How to start is pretty simple. With your next pay
Question: My landlord is being foreclosed on. Should I confront him? Answer: If John signs the lease he is entitled to stay there for the duration of the lease regardless
Question: question regarding W4 Answer: There are still ways that the default values on the W4 can lead you to get a refund or owe the IRS. If there was
Question: Tax consequences when foreign currency changes in value Answer: If you buy foreign currency as an investment, then the gains are ordinary income. The gains are realized when you
Question: Why invest in becoming a landlord? Answer: The value of getting into the landlord business -- or any other business -- depends on circumstances at the time. How much
Question: How does giving to charity work? Answer: I'll answer your second question: it depends what your charity is for. There are two types: i) Emergency (i.e. to respond to
Question: How can I diversify $7k across ETFs and stocks? Answer: When you are starting out using a balanced fund can be quite advantageous. A balanced fund is represents a
Question: How to explain quick price changes early in the morning Answer: There are lots of good answers on here already. There are actually lots of answers for this question.
Question: Are there good investment options to pay off student loans? Answer: Paying off your student loan is an investment, and a completely risk-free one. Every payment of your loan
Question: What is a negotiable security and how are they related to derivatives? Answer: negotiability is a legal concept that permits free transfer of a security without the requirement of
Question: Putting the gordon equation into practice Answer: The Gordon equation does not use inflation-adjusted numbers. It uses nominal returns/dividends and growth rates. It really says nothing anyone would not
Question: Is A Company Abusing The Tax Code When It Does This, And How Does The IRS Prevent It? Answer: A rather good IRS paper on the topic states that
Question: Please explain: What exactly is a CDS or "Credit Default Swap"? Answer: A Credit Default Swap (CDS) is a contract between two parties. A useful analogy is insurance (but
Question: What are the ins/outs of writing-off part of one's rent for working at home? Answer: Before starting to do this, make sure that you are squeaky clean in all
Question: If an index goes up because an underlying company issues more shares, what happens to the ETF Answer: If a stock that makes up a big part of the
Question: Can I locate the name of an account holder by the account number and sort code? (U.K.) Answer: No, the best you can do is (probably) determine the bank,
Question: 200K 10-Year Investment Safest 5% Annual Return? Answer: Invest in a high quality dividend paying group of stocks. Look up "stock aristocrats" to find longterm quality stocks that have
Question: Should I deduct or capitalize the cost to replace a water heater in my rental property? (details Below) Answer: Pub 527 my friend. It gets depreciated. Table 1-1 on
Question: How does investment into a private company work? Answer: To me this sounds like a transaction, where E already owns a company worth 400k and can therefore pocket the
Question: Double-Taxation of Royalties paid for in Korea to a US Company Answer: If treaties are involved for something other than exempting student wages on campus, you shouldn't do it
Question: Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car? Answer: Makes sense so long as you can afford it while still maintaining at least
Question: Is there software to buy and sell stocks in real time on very small moves in price? Answer: Note that the pros pay for extremely fast access and are
Question: Buy tires and keep car for 12-36 months, or replace car now? Answer: I don't see how anyone could give you a hard-and-fast formula, unless they know where to
Question: Side work and managing finances? Answer: I've done various side work over the years -- computer consulting, writing, and I briefly had a video game company -- so I've
Question: Is there a financial benefit for buyers from using community currencies? Answer: Short answer: NO, there is no financial benefits for you to expect in a local currency even
Question: Dalbar: How can the average investor lose money? Answer: I think you are mixing two different concepts here. The average investor, in the quoted reference, means an average single
Question: Is there a widely recognized bond index? Answer: Keep in mind that the bond market is dominated by US Treasury securities... if there were an S&P 500 for bonds,
Question: Should I accept shares as payment? Answer: I like the answer given by mikeazo. If paid in cash would you immediately buy the stock of the company? We all
Question: Does a larger down payment make an offer stronger? Answer: There is some element of truth to what your realtor said. The seller takes the house off the market
Question: Why is "cheque cashing" a legitimate business? Answer: In my experience (in the US), the main draw of check-cashing businesses (like "CheckN2Cash" is that they will hold your check
Question: Online sites for real time bond prices Answer: FINRA lets you view recent trades, but as stated in the other answer bonds are illiquid and often do not trade
Question: Freehold and Leasehold for Pub/Bar? Answer: Freehold is simple - it's when you own the building and the land it's on. There's no rent to pay (but you will
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: My grandmother passed away earlier this year. When
Question: If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Question: TDAmeritrade Quote Summary TREE vs APRN Answer: I suspect this is related to the fact that Blue Apron completed its IPO very recently and insider shares are likely still
Question: Should I negotiate a lower salary to be placed in a lower tax bracket? Answer: No. In a marginal tax system, only additional dollars that push you into a
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: Why would it not make more sense to invest in a handful of these heavyweights instead of also having
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: I think you are trying to figure out what will be a break-even rental rate for you,
Question: Free/open source Unix software that pulls info from all my banks/brokers/credit cards? Answer: As far as I can tell there are no "out-of-the-box" solutions for this. Nor will Moneydance
Question: What low-fee & liquid exchange-traded index funds / ETFs should I consider holding in a retirement portfolio? Answer: Here's a dump from what I use. Some are a bit
Question: Why would you use an IFA for choosing a pension fund Answer: Why would anyone listen to someone else's advice? Because they believe that the person advising them knows
Question: Do stock prices really go down by the amount of the dividend? Answer: It might be clearer to think of it as price going up when a dividend is
Question: How can one identify institutional accumulation of a particular stock using price and volume data? Answer: A couple ways, but its not a guarantee. You have to have special
Question: How do I invest and buy/sell stocks? What does "use a broker" mean? Answer: Very simple. You open an account with a broker who will do the trades for
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: Actually, banks do issue their own money, it's just not embodied as a piece of paper, it's
Question: Are leverage/ko products the only reasonable way to trade stocks? Answer: I am assuming you mean derivatives such as speeders, sprinters, turbo's or factors when you say "derivatives". These
Question: Will I, as a CS student, be allowed to take loans for paying the fees of Ivy Leagues? Answer: This article gives the very good advice to simply contact
Question: Cheapest way to "wire" money in an Australian bank account to a person in England, while I'm in Laos? Answer: I've used OFX quite a lot for international transfers.
Question: Free brokerage vs paid - pros and cons Answer: The first consideration for the banking part of your portfolio is safety. In the United States that is FDIC protection,
Question: As a beginner investor, should I start investing with mutual funds through my bank, or with an online broker? Answer: What is the best option to start with? and
Question: Best Practices for Managing Paper Receipts Answer: I store all my receipts digitally, and make sure to input them into accounting program sooner than later, just so I don't
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: The reason Rausch Coleman homes are generally cheaper, is because they are a high
Question: Does high frequency trading provide economic value? Answer: This is a very important question and you will find arguments from both sides, in part because it is still understudied.
Question: Can signing up at optoutprescreen.com improve my credit score? Answer: If I had a business and was able to claim a feature, I would. It's simple marketing. If in
Question: At Vanguard, can I transfer shares from regular investment account to a Roth IRA? Answer: No, IRA contributions can only be made in the form of cash (rollovers and
Question: Must ETF companies match an investor's amount invested in an ETF? Answer: First, it's an exaggeration to say "every" dollar. Traditional mutual funds, including money-market funds, keep a small
Question: How websites like Google have access to stock market data? Answer: To quote their disclaimer: Data is provided by financial exchanges and may be delayed as specified by financial
Question: What do Earnings Per Share tell potential shareholders? Answer: Earnings per share is the company profit (or loss), divided by the number of outstanding shares. The number should always
Question: What kind of life insurance is cheaper? I'm not sure about term vs. whole vs. universal, etc Answer: All life insurance is pretty much the same when it comes
Question: Is this comparison of a 15-year vs. a 30-year mortgage reasonable? Answer: I think your analysis is very clear, it's a sensible approach, and the numbers sound about right
Question: Losing Money with Norbert's Gambit Answer: When you hold units of the DLR/DLR.U (TSX) ETF, you are indirectly holding U.S. dollars cash or cash equivalents. The ETF can be
Question: Should I invest or repay my debts? Answer: Like azam pointed out, fundamentally you need to decide if the money invested elsewhere will grow faster than the Interest you
Question: What is a reasonable salary for the owner and sole member of a small S-Corp? Answer: The answer depends on this: If you had to hire someone to do
Question: What is the term for the quantity (high price minus low price) for a stock? Answer: Just guessing here How about Daily Median price? StockCharts provides a similar value
Question: What options exist to make money in the US on a work-restricted visa? Answer: Income generated from online sales is not considered "passive income", so you need to be
Question: How to read Google Finance data on dividends Answer: The dividend is for a quarter of the year, three months. 80 cents is 3.9% of $20.51. Presumably the Div/yield
Question: How should I think about stock dividends? Answer: DRiPs come to mind as something that may be worth examining. If you take the Microsoft example, consider what would happen
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: I would be realistic and recognize that however you invest this money, it is unlikely to be a
Question: What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan? Answer: First suggestion: Investigate refinancing the auto loan with a reputable credit union or bank. I reduced my costs by
Question: Net income correlation with Stock Price Answer: A company's stock price will reflect the general sentiment about a company's value now and in the future. Net income is only
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: When you buy a stock, you're really paying for a STREAM of
Question: How best to grow my small amount of money starting at a young age? [duplicate] Answer: while not stated, if you have any debt at all, use the $3000
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: There is no "should", but I am strongly of the view that if you have
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: If you pay extra now you will pay
Question: With respect to insider trading, what is considered "material information"? Answer: Material Information means that any information that can reasonable affect the share price of the company [upward or
Question: Does a bid and ask price exist for indices like the S&P500? Answer: The equation you show is correct, you've simply pointed out that you understand that you buy
Question: Capital gains tax: Retirement vehicle (IRA, 401k) vs. anything else? Answer: First of all, there are some differences between the retirement accounts that you mentioned regarding taxes. Traditional IRA
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: In my own case, my credit score went up drastically after I closed cards. It did go down
Question: When the Reserve Bank determines the interest rates, do they take the house prices into account? Answer: The setting of interest rates (or "repurchase rates") varies from country to
Question: Can I trade more than 4 stocks per week equally split between two brokers without "pattern day trading" problems? Answer: No, if your brokers find out about this, even
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: The one thing that I saw in here that raised a big red
Question: Payroll reimbursments Answer: Not correct. First - when you say they don't tax the reimbursement, they are classifying it in a way that makes it taxable to you (just
Question: How should one structure a portfolio given the possibility that a Total Stock Market Index might decline and not recover for a long time? Answer: Here are a few
Question: Advantages of Shareholder over Director in new Company Answer: I don't know Australian law, but I will give my US perspective here. The custom in the US is for
Question: I'm in Australia. What should I look for in an online stock broker, for trading mostly on the ASX? Answer: If you want the cheapest online broker in Australia,
Question: How to calculate the standard deviation of stock returns? Answer: This link does it ok: http://investexcel.net/1979/calculate-historical-volatility-excel/ Basically, you calculate percentage return by doing stock price now / stock price
Question: Why would a bank need to accept deposits from private clients if it can just borrow from the Federal Reserve? Answer: borrow money from the Central Bank Wrong premise.
Question: Is there any US bank that does not charge for incoming wire transfers? Answer: Yes, a business account at Chase bank offers free incoming wire transfer fees when you
Question: Comparing/reviewing personal health insurance plans for the self-employed Answer: Health insurance is tough, as you know, because the offerings vary dramatically by State, and there is the added complication
Question: What Did Benjamin Graham Mean by Earnings Stability in The Intelligent Investor? Answer: Yes - this is exactly what it means. No losses (negative earnings). With today's accounting methods,
Question: Clarify Microsoft's explanation of MIRR Answer: The value does change from 12.61% to 13.48%. The difference between re-investing cashflows at 14% vs 12% is not big enough to change
Question: If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Question: How will the New credit reporting rules affect people who are already struggling financially? Answer: From my understanding by paying your bills more than 5 days late will not
Question: devastated with our retirement money that we have left Answer: The answers you've received already are very good. I truly sympathize with your situation. In general, it makes sense
Question: Weekly budgets based on (a variable) monthly budget Answer: If you know, approximately, the minimum he would get in a month, his budget should be planned based on this
Question: Canadian personal finance software with ability to export historical credit card transactions? Answer: Yodlee and Mint are good solutions if you don't mind your personal financial information being stored
Question: Is it a good idea to rebalance without withdrawing money? Answer: Yes, rebalancing with new money avoids capital gains taxes and loads (although if you're financially literate enough to
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: Well.... If you have alllll your money invested, and then there's a financial crisis, and there's a personal crisis at the
Question: Do rental car agencies sell their cars at a time when it is risky for the purchaser? Answer: I've been told by staff in my local car hire agency
Question: When should I start saving/investing for my retirement? Answer: My basic rule I tell everyone who will listen is to always live like you're a college student - if
Question: How does start-up equity end up paying off? Answer: The details of how you can convert your 5% equity share to cash or stocks will be detailed in writing
Question: What is a reasonable salary for the owner and sole member of a small S-Corp? Answer: Generally if you're a sole S-Corp employee - it is hard to explain
Question: Estate taxes and the top 1 percent by net worth Answer: Of course, you've already realized that some of that is that smaller estates are more common than larger
Question: Can GoogleFinance access total return data? Answer: At this time, Google Finance doesn't support historical return or dividend data, only share prices. The attributes for mutual funds such as
Question: Is there any instance where less leverage will get you a better return on a rental property? Answer: QUICK ANSWER When it comes to fixed income assets, whether rental
Question: Historical share price at exact day and time Answer: On 2012/05/18 at 15:34:00 UTC (11:34:00 EDT) FB was in chaos mode. The most recent public US trade at that
Question: What are the advantages of a Swiss bank account? Answer: A lot of Americans have used Swiss bank accounts to avoid paying taxes. However recently several large Swiss banks
Question: Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance? Answer: Good luck!
Question: Dispute credit card transaction with merchant or credit card company? Answer: Most merchants (also in Europe) are reasonable, and typically are willing to work with you. credit card companies
Question: Tracking the Madrid Interbank Offered Rate (MIBOR) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) Answer: You can find both here: http://www.bde.es/tipos/tipose.htm
Question: Should I pay more into company pension, or is there a better way to save? Answer: Re: Specifically, am I right in that everything I put on these is
Question: Advantages/Disadvantages to refinancing online? Answer: If you've been in your house for a few years (and have built some equity up) and the market is active in your area,
Question: Taking a car loan vs cash and effect on credit score Answer: Imagine that your normal mode of using credit gets you a score of X. As time goes
Question: How to save money for future expenses Answer: how can I save money for the future The fact that you are worrying is good. This is the first step.
Question: Value investing Answer: One aspect of this - no matter which valuation method you choose - is that there are limited shares available to buy. Other people already know
Question: Can somebody give a brief comparison of TSP and IRAs? Answer: The TSP is similar to a 401K. If you were hired as a federal employee on or after
Question: Why is the stock market closed on the weekend? Answer: After-hours trading and alternate venues allow one to trade outside of regular market hours. However there are a few
Question: How does the world - in aggregate - generate a non-zero return? Answer: I think you'll find some sound answers here: Money Creation in the Modern Economy by the
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: Each of us makes our own way in life, making choices based upon or own needs and desires. Some of us choose
Question: How much is university projected to cost in Canada in 18 years? Answer: For a Canadian university education, an October 2009 article at Canada.com says: [...] The study estimates
Question: What happened in Argentina in 2001 bank sector? did the banks closed? all or some? Answer: One place you might consider looking for answers is in case studies from
Question: How can I cash in a small number of delisted US shares? TLAB Answer: If you held the shares directly, the transfer agent, Computershare, should have had you registered
Question: Shorting Stocks And Margin Account Minimum Answer: The margin money you put up to fund a short position ($6000 in the example given) is simply a "good faith" deposit
Question: U.S. Mutual Fund Supermarkets: Where are some good places to buy mutual funds? Answer: There are hundreds of entities which offer mutual funds - too many to adequately address
Question: Value investing Answer: The June 2014 issue of Barclays Wealth's Compass magazine had a very nice succinct article on this topic: "Value investing  does a rules-based approach work?".
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: The FDIC has been pretty good at recovery lost money from failed
Question: Can I get my property taxes lowered? Answer: You most definitely can appeal the county's appraisal of your property. How to do so, and your odds of success will
Question: Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan? Answer: This was a huge question for me when I graduated high school, should I buy a new or
Question: Is Stock Trading legal for a student on F-1 Visa in USA? [duplicate] Answer: You can buy and sell stocks, if you like. You'll have to pay taxes on
Question: Can we estimate the impact of a large buy order on the share price? Answer: There are two distinct questions that may be of interest to you. Both questions
Question: Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon? Answer: It could be that the contracts were bought at cheaper prices such as $.01 earlier in
Question: At what point should I begin paying off student loans? Answer: Everyone has made some good points that I was going to mention but to put it in terms
Question: How and where do companies publish financial reports? Answer: Yes it is true. The US based companies have to meet the requirements placed on them by the US government.
Question: Where should a young student put their money? Answer: It really is dependent upon your goals. What are your short term needs? Do you need a car/clothing/high cost apartment/equipment
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: If you are calculating: keep in mind that company A probably
Question: How to read a mutual fund spec sheet? Answer: The 0.14% is coming out of the assets of the fund itself. The expense ratio can be broken down so
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: I have an example that may be interesting for your question. My grandfather had a tennis club around 35 years
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: 2 things:
Question: What are a few sites that make it easy to invest in high interest rate mutual funds? Answer: If you want a ~12% rate of return on your investments....
Question: Is there a term that better describes a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) when it is negative? Answer: Not sure why CAGR is a problem for both directions. I
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: The fundamental flaw here is conflating net worth with utility, at least failing to recognize that there's a nonlinear relationship between the two. In the
Question: Have plenty of cash flow but bad credit Answer: Sign up with credit karma. It will give you two scores for free and will show you credit cards you
Question: OTC Markets, Time, and Trading Answer: Depending on your broker, you can buy these stocks directly at the most liquid local exchanges. For instance, if you are US resident
Question: As a Canadian, what should I invest in if I'm betting that the Canadian real estate will crash? Answer: If you believe you can time the crash, then We
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: In my experience, there's usually only one or two theatres within a small city. Maybe a few more
Question: How do public-company buyouts work? Answer: Thanks for your question Dai. The circumstances under which these buyouts can occur is based on the US takeover code and related legislation,
Question: What happens if I just don't pay my student loans? Answer: Let me give you some advice from someone who has experience at both ends - had student loan
Question: What low-fee & liquid exchange-traded index funds / ETFs should I consider holding in a retirement portfolio? Answer: I use the following allocation in my retirement portfolio: I prefer
Question: Can company owners use lay offs to prevent restricted stock from vesting before an acquisition? Answer: As littleadv says it depends on the local laws. Normally one shouldn't be
Question: What is the equation for an inflation adjusted annuity held in perpetuity? Answer: Let P denote the amount of the investment, R the rate of return and I the
Question: What is the proper way to report additional income for taxes (specifically, Android development)? Answer: I think it depends on who is being paid for your app. Do you
Question: How do Islamic Banking give loans for housing purposes? Answer: As I understand it, if the "borrower" puts a down payment of 20% and the bank puts down 80%,
Question: Retirement & asset allocation of $30K for 30 year old single guy Answer: I would definitely recommend putting some of this in an IRA. You can't put all $30K
Question: What does "issued XXX and YYY shares" mean? Answer: authorized 100,000,000 shares They cannot issue shares more than that so 102M isn't possible. Common stock - $.01 par value,
Question: Latest China devaluation (24/08/2015) and the affect on house prices in UK Answer: No. There is no indication that the recent decline will have an impact on the house
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: It is possible to not use checks in the US. I personally use a credit card for almost everything and often
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: Checks are awesome things in that, even if it gets lost the money doesn't change hands until
Question: Why are wire transfers and other financial services in Canada so much more expensive than in Europe? Answer: I don't believe there is any particular structural or financial reason
Question: How to represent "out of pocket" purchases in general ledger journal entry? Answer: You're lending the money to your business by paying for it directly. The company accounts must
Question: How and Should I Invest (As a college 18 year old with minimal living expenses)? Answer: I'd suggest you keep putting money in your savings account and start investing
Question: SBI term deposit versus SBI bonds Answer: I wrote one to check against the N3 to N6 bonds: http://capitalmind.in/2011/03/sbi-bond-yield-calculator/ Things to note:
Question: Why does selling and then rebuying stock not lead to free money? Answer: The main thing you're missing is that while you bear all the costs of manipulating the
Question: What is a "retail revolving account," and does it improve my credit score? Answer: In the other question, the OP had posted a screenshot (circa 2010) from Transunion with
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: Healthcare for the employee is more valuable to the employer than is providing healthcare for the rest of
Question: What's the point of Ford loosening financing requirements? Answer: The article states their reasons pretty clearly, and indicates that some people won't qualify under the new requirements that would
Question: Creating a personal company Answer: You're confusing so many things at once here...... First thing first: we cannot suggest you what to do business-wise since we have no idea
Question: Why would a tender offer be less than the market price? Answer: As an addition to Chris Rea's excellent answer, these tender offers are sometimes made specifically to cast
Question: Multi-Account Budgeting Tools/Accounts/Services Answer: IngDirect has this concept of sub accounts inside a main account - that might be perfect for what you are looking for. To clarify, you
Question: How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? Answer: If you are not planning on living in your condo for at least 10 years don't do it. For
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: Foreign stocks have two extra sources of risk attached to them; exchange rate and political. Exchange rate
Question: Can unclear or deceptive company news and updates affect the stock price in the opposite direction of where the company is actually headed? Answer: Yes, but only in a
Question: When a stock price goes down, does the money just disappears into thin air? Answer: Yes and no. There is no actual money involved - just assumed value. Imagine
Question: Is Mint allowed to share user data with other Intuit entities? Answer: I wound up asking Mint over email so I'll share the answer I received: Thank you for
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: Oh, how about something like "I'd rather not. It exposes me to
Question: For a mortgage down-payment, what percentage is sensible? Answer: Well hindsight tells us now that by and large, doing 100% borrowing was not the best policy we could have
Question: If my put option reaches expiration on etrade and I don't log in to the site will it automatically exercise if it's in the money or be a total
Question: In the UK, can authors split a single advance on a book over multiple tax returns? Answer: HMRC calls it: Averaging for creators of literary or artistic works, and
Question: Deductible expenses paid with credit card: In which tax year would they fall? Answer: I'm assuming you're operating on the cash basis of accounting, based on your comment "Cash,
Question: After consulting HR Block, are you actually obligated to file your taxes with them, if they've found ways to save you money? Answer: This is a legal issue, or
Question: Why is "cheque cashing" a legitimate business? Answer: How does this get any business? You'd be surprised on how much profit these type of businesses can bring in and
Question: 2 houses 450k each or one 800k? Answer: Forget the math's specifics for a moment: here's some principles. Additional housing for a renter gives you returns in the form
Question: Do shares purchased on FTSE AIM move with company to other markets? Answer: Any shares you buy when a company is listed on one market will remain yours if
Question: Tax exemptions for US stocks held in a Candian account Answer: The dividend tax credit is not applicable to foreign dividend income, so you would be taxed fully on
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: Have her pay something like a friendly monthly rent. This should be
Question: Where can I invest my retirement savings money, where it is safer than stocks? Answer: There are many questions and good answers here regarding investment choices. The first decision
Question: How do I calculate two standard deviations away from the stock price? Answer: The formula for standard deviation is fairly simple in both the discrete and continuous cases. It's
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: I second CrimsonX's advice to max out Roth then 401k. At your age in what sounds like a similar situation I did
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: You currently have 5400 between you and 2600 expenses leaving you 2800. You currently keep 1900 and she keeps 900
Question: Tax benefits of recycling Answer: If a business incurs expenses in the process of its trading, generally those expenses are deductible. Disposing of waste is generally held to be
Question: Execute or trade an options contract? Answer: Here is the answer for #3 from my brokerage: Your math is correct. Typically, option traders never take delivery of the stock
Question: Why do banks insist on allowing transactions without sufficient funds? Answer: This really should be a comment, but I can't yet. The question desperately needs a location tag. In
Question: Replacement for mint.com with a public API? Answer: Check Buxfer here are the details about the API: http://www.buxfer.com/help.php?topic=API
Question: Efficient International money transfer Answer: Typical wire transfers are not with 4-5%; but it all depends on the bank that does the transfer. You can chose to send ('wire')
Question: What to do if the stock you brought are stopped trading Answer: The Indian regulator (SEBI) has banned trading in 300 shell companies that it views as being "Shady",
Question: Does it make sense to refinance a 30 year mortgage to 15 years? Answer: Unless I'm missing something, this doesn't make sense at all. Why take out money at
Question: At what point does it become worth it to file an insurance claim? Answer: At what point can you not afford the repair, and how will that repair affect
Question: Where to Park Proceeds from House Sale for 2-5 Years? Answer: Your objectives are contradictory and/or not possible. Eliminating the non-taxable objective: You could divide the $100K in 5
Question: Idea for getting rich using computers to track stocks Answer: The main reason I'm aware of that very few individuals do this sort of trading is that you're not
Question: Is it legal to receive/send "gifts" of Non-Trivial Amounts to a "friend"? Answer: Am I right to say that no tax needs to be given for the annual ~$130k
Question: About to start being an Independent Contractor - Any advice on estimating taxes? Answer: It's likely you don't have to make estimated tax payments if this is your first
Question: Difference between a mortgage and buy-to-let in UK Answer: Another factor that makes Buy to let more expensive is the risk involved. With a buy to let you are
Question: Can an Indian citizen/resident invest in a US company and collect the profits in India? Answer: Every month I will get a return in from my share of the
Question: Buy tires and keep car for 12-36 months, or replace car now? Answer: If the car is in otherwise good shape, it's always less expensive to keep it longer.
Question: When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency? Answer: A lot of smaller (and/or weaker) countries did not have much choice when Germany and France
Question: Facebook buying WhatsApp for 19 Billion. How are existing shareholders affected? Answer: isn't it still a dilution of existing share holder stock value ? Whether this is dilution or
Question: value of guaranteeing a business loan Answer: The guarantee's value to you is whatever you have to pay to get the guarantee, assuming that you don't decide it's too
Question: Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading? Answer: Something really does seem seedy that if I invest $2500, that I'll make above 50k if the stock doubles. Is
Question: Unmarried couple buying home, what are the options in our case? Answer: Personally I would advise only buying what you can afford without borrowing money, even if it means
Question: When are investments taxed? Answer: This answer is about the USA. Each time you sell a security (a stock or a bond) or some other asset, you are expected
Question: Is the financial advice my elderly relative received legal/ethical? Answer: I can't speak about the UK, but here in the US, 1% is on the cheap side for professional
Question: How trading in currency pair works, underlying techniques and mechanisms Answer: Without going into minor details, an FX transaction works essentially like this. Let's assume you have SEK 100
Question: Using a FOREX platform to actually change money Answer: FX trading platforms are not used for exchanging money, they are used for trading currencies. "I know there are cheaper
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: One piece of information you didn't mention is how much you paid for the original home. If you
Question: Now that Microsoft Money is gone, what can I do? [duplicate] Answer: Mint.com is a fantastic free personal finance software that can assist you with managing your money, planning
Question: Will paying off my car early hinder my ability to build credit? Answer: 1) How long have you had the car? Generally, accounts that last more than a year
Question: In the event of a corporate spin-off, how can I calculate the correct cost basis for each company's shares? Answer: I was doing my taxes in the US (called
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: Here's a real-life example of why being underwater can be a tad annoying: Your options are: You must
Question: Can two companies own stock in each other? Answer: Yes, this can and does certainly happen. When two companies each own stock in each other, it's called a cross
Question: Are there any disadvantages to DHA Investment Properties? Answer: A quick online search for "disadvantages of defence housing australia investment properties" turns up a several articles that list a
Question: Long term saving: Shares, Savings Account or Fund Answer: Congratulations on a solid start. Here are my thoughts, based on your situation: Asset Classes I would recommend against a
Question: US citizen married to non-resident alien; how do I file taxes? Answer: Congrats on the upcoming wedding! Here is the official answer to this question, from the IRS. They
Question: company market capitalization to total (annual) stock market capitalization Answer: This depends. Quite a few stock exchanges / country report total capitalisation in terms of free float. I.E total
Question: Is the I.T. function in banking considered to be on the expense side, as opposed to revenue side? Answer: Here is how your CEO has to see it. Of
Question: What part of buying a house would make my net worth go down? Answer: One way to think of net worth is to think if you sold everything you
Question: How much is inflation? Answer: FYI...prices don't always go up. Inflation is a monetary phenomenon. I'm simplifying greatly here: if more money is printed (or the money supply increases
Question: Info about managment compansation schemes in publicly traded companies Answer: Converting the comment from @MD-Tech into answer How or where could I find info about publicly traded companies about
Question: If I were to get into a life situation where I would not be able to make regular payments, do lenders typically provide options other than default? Answer: For
Question: If a employers supposed to calulate drive time pay with your weekly gross pay Answer: Reimbursements for business expenses are generally not taxable, but the commute from home to
Question: Can I withdraw unsettled funds? Answer: Yes, via a margin account, one can trade or transfer on unsettled funds. These are tight regulations that begin with the Federal Reserve,
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: Instead of buying in bulk, I invest the money in equity mutual funds, for an expected
Question: Where can I find closed dates for the New York Stock Exchange for the coming year? Answer: The NYSE holidays are listed online here: https://www.nyse.com/markets/hours-calendars
Question: can the government or debt collectors garnish money from any bank account to which the debtor has access? Answer: I would call the bank and ask how the person
Question: What can cause rent prices to fall? Answer: The buy-to-rent investment bubble created (in some markets) a large number of new housing starts often exceeding the available demand. Since
Question: When you're really young and have about 2K to start investing $ for retirement, why do some people advise you to go risky? Answer: First of all, "going risky"
Question: Rules for Broker Behavior with Covered Calls Answer: Number 2 cannot occur. You can buy the call back and sell the stock, but the broker won't force that #2
Question: Consolidating company pensions Answer: Have you shopped around? I would agree that the fees seem high. The first question I would ask if if the .75% management fee is
Question: How does anyone make significant money on very low volume stocks? Answer: Because swing trading isn't the only reason to buy a stock, and it's not the only way
Question: Are these really bond yields? Answer: It's worth pointing out that a bulk of the bond market is institutional investors (read: large corporations and countries). For individuals, it's very
Question: How to distinguish gift from payment for the service? Answer: All of this assumes that this relationship isn't as employer-employee relationship, which would require you to withhold taxes. If
Question: Started new job. Rollover previous employer 401k to new 401k, IRA or Roth IRA? Answer: I agree with harmanjd  best to roll it over to an IRA. Not
Question: Should I Use an Investment Professional? Answer: Even if we accept these claims as being true, neither the fact that their clients are more confident, nor the fact that
Question: Identifying "Dividend Stocks" Answer: If you don't have a good knowledge of finance, maybe you should not put too much money in individual stocks. But if you really want
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: I am a realtor and work for Rausch Coleman and can answer this question
Question: American taxes if living outside the US and get paid by US company on a US bank account Answer: I agree with Joe, having the money deposited to the
Question: What should I do with the 50k I have sitting in a European bank? Answer: You might want to just keep it in cash. For one step further you
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: Hard to give an answer without knowing more details (interest rates, remaining principle on loans, especially how
Question: Shorting: What if you can't find lenders? Answer: You at least have some understanding of the pitfalls of shorting. You might not be able to borrow stock. You might
Question: Why do credit cards require a minimum annual household income? Answer: It is much simpler than any of that. People who make money have a greater capacity to pay
Question: How can I remove the movement of the stock market as a whole from the movement in price of an individual share? Answer: You run the regression R_{i,t} =
Question: How might trading volume affect future share price? Answer: You can't tell for sure. If there was such a technique then everyone would use it and the price would
Question: How to pay myself as a single person corporation in Ontario? Should I get an accountant? Answer: Get an accountant. Now. There are many subtle things that you do
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Gambling is never a wise investment. Even assuming that the stated odds are correct, there
Question: May I Invest as a non accredited investor? Answer: Without knowing the specifics it is hard to give you a specific answer, but most likely the answer is no.
Question: What are the usual terms of a "rent with an option to buy" situation? Answer: The typical deal would be a premium to the normal rent, say $1200 instead
Question: searching for historic exchange rate provider which meets this example data Answer: You will most likely not be able to avoid some form of format conversion, regardless of which
Question: Is there a generally accepted term for fractions of Currency Units? Answer: I recently bought a stock - which was priced exactly as your question ponders, to the 1/100
Question: What's the point of Ford loosening financing requirements? Answer: A repossessed automobile will have lost some value from sale price, but it's not valueless. They market "title loans" to
Question: How is a relocation fee of more than 40k taxed? Answer: With a $40,000 payment there is a 100% chance that the owner will be claiming this as a
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: There are strategies based on yields. Dogs of the Dow being a specific example while Miller Howard
Question: Credit card grace period for pay, wait 1 day, charge? Answer: This will not result in any finance charges: I wouldn't recommend cutting it quite so close, but as
Question: Is it possible as a non-Indian citizen to create an Indian bank account (denominated in rupees) that can exchange & repatriate its funds? Answer: No, in your situation it
Question: How does a big lottery winner cash his huge check risk-free? Answer: If the funds are deposited into a noninterest-bearing account, they will be covered by FDIC insurance regardless
Question: Selling put and call Loss Scenario Examples Answer: Here's a simple example for a put, from both sides. Assume XYZ stock trades at $200 right now. Let's say John
Question: Can compensation income from an employee stock purchase plan be negative? Answer: The sentence you quoted does not apply in the case where you sell the stock at a
Question: I'm upside down on my car loan and need a different car, what can I do? Answer: Dealerships make a lot of money in the finance department. One of
Question: Buying International Stock Answer: For example, if the Dow, S&P 500, NASDAQ are all down does that necessarily mean the Canadian stock will get negatively impacted? Or is it
Question: Transfer from credit to debit Answer: The new information helps a little, but you're still stuck as far as doing exactly what you asked. The question that you really
Question: Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"? Answer: Institutional investors are the "elephant" in the room. When they "sneeze," everyone else "catches cold." They're fine, if
Question: Personal finance software for Mac that can track stocks and mutual funds? (Even manual updating of share prices will do.) Answer: Quicken for Mac will track stocks and mutual
Question: Responsible investing - just a marketing trick? Answer: A share is just a part ownership of a company. If you buy a share of a green stock in the
Question: Can a company donate to a non-profit to pay for services arranged for before hand? Answer: When you say "donate", it usually assumes charitable donation with, in this context,
Question: Are there alternatives to double currency account to manage payments in different currencies? Answer: You could use a Credit or Debit Card running in US $, drawing from your
Question: Considerations for holding short-term reserves? Answer: Factors to consider: For the taxable investments:
Question: Online Personal finance with QIF import Answer: Unfortunately I don't think any of the online personal finance applications will do what you're asking. Most (if not all) online person
Question: Why don't banks allow more control over credit/debit card charges? Answer: Actually in Finland on some bank + debit/credit card + online retailer combinations you type in your card
Question: Finding a good small business CPA? Answer: I have had better experiences with accountants in smaller towns. It seems they are used to working with small businesses and their
Question: US citizen married to non-resident alien; how do I file taxes? Answer: From what you've described, your spouse is a non-resident alien for US tax purposes. You have two
Question: Must ETF companies match an investor's amount invested in an ETF? Answer: Does the bolded sentence apply for ETFs and ETF companies? No, the value of an ETF is
Question: Can a custodian refuse prior-year IRA/HSA deposit postmarked April 15? Answer: The slips from your bank for your HSA account are for an account already established and thus the
Question: Paying off mortgage or invest in annuity Answer: I am in the process of writing an article about how to maximize one's Social Security benefits, or at least, how
Question: Looking at Options Liquidity: what makes some stocks so attractive for options traders? Answer: The penny pilot program has a dramatic effect on increasing options liquidity. Bids can be
Question: Will my current employer find out if I have a sole proprietarship/corporation? Answer: I can see why you'd be reluctant to tell them, but I think you need to
Question: How accurate is Implied Volatility in predicting future moves? Answer: How accurate is Implied Volatility in predicting future moves? How would you measure this? If the implied volatility says
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: I'll echo: many factors. Brand: There are generally two levels of pricing: "major brand" and "discount
Question: Debit card funds on preauthorization hold to paypal: can it be used for another transaction? Answer: In short you have to wait till the hold expires. If its one
Question: How can I get the car refinanced under my name if my girlfriend signed for the loan? Answer: The best solution is to "buy" the car and get your
Question: Should the price of fuel in Australia at this point be so high? Answer: Fuel prices are regulated in most countires. The way its regulated differs. Essentially the idea
Question: Is there any drawback in putting all my 401K into a money market fund? Answer: (After seeing your most recent comment on the original question, it looks like others
Question: Why is OkPay not allowed in the United States? Answer: according to their client services it is a licensing issue: Thread: OKpay didn't Accept USA clients? They do not
Question: Who are the sellers for the new public stocks? Answer: Usually the big institution that "floats" the stock on the market is the one to offer it to you.
Question: Company is late in paying my corporate credit card statement - will it hurt my credit? Answer: After doing some investigating, my employers contract with the credit card company
Question: How can I find a list of self-select stocks & shares ISA providers? Answer: My go-to response whenever anyone asks me this is the Monevator table of platform fees.
Question: Are there cons to paying monthly bills with a rewards card and then paying it off monthly? Answer: There are hidden costs to using rewards cards for everything. The
Question: Am I doing the math for this covered call/long put strategy correctly? What risks do I run with this strategy? Answer: You own the stock at $29.42 At $40,
Question: A calculator that takes into account portfolio rebalancing? Answer: My answer is Microsoft Excel. Google "VBA for dummies" (seriously) and find out if your brokerage offers an 'API'. With
Question: How to deal with the credit card debt from family member that has passed away? Answer: Sorry for your loss. I am not a lawyer and this isn;t legal
Question: Is there a term that better describes a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) when it is negative? Answer: My experience is in economics, so it may differ from an
Question: Military Separation Answer: Welcome to Money.SE, and thank you for your service. In general, buying a house is wise if (a) the overall cost of ownership is less than
Question: ESPP taxes after relocating from Europe to the United States? Answer: If you haven't been a US resident (not citizen, different rules apply) at the time you sold the
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: He needs to go see a lawyer to find out what all
Question: Investment for young expatriate professionals Answer: That's a broad question, but I can throw some thoughts at you from personal experience. I'm actually an Australian who has worked in
Question: Money market account for emergency savings Answer: So long as you have complete, virtually instant access to funds through checks, debit card, or ATM transaction, then yes it would
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: There are a few questions that need qualification, and a bit
Question: Difference between Hedge Fund and Private Equity? Answer: Private Equity is simply some type of an investment company, which is owned in a way not accessible to the public.
Question: Strategies for putting away money for a child's future (college, etc.)? Answer: Being in the same situation, and considering that money doesn't need to be available until 2025, I
Question: Do developed country equities have a higher return than emerging market equities, when measured in the latter currency? Answer: Do developing country equities have a higher return and/or lower
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: My wife and I do this. We have one account for income and one for
Question: Financing with two mortgages: a thing of the past? Answer: There are a few of ways to do this: Ask the seller if they will hold a Vendor Take-Back
Question: Is it a good investment for a foreigner to purchase a flat/apartment in China? Answer: No, it's not. This could be a great question, but with no background, not
Question: Why doesn't change in accounts receivable on balance sheet match cash flow statement? Answer: QUICK ANSWER What @Mike Haskel wrote is generally correct that the indirect method for cash
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: Do yourself a favor: calculate the price of airfare, calculate how many points it
Question: Magazine subscription leads to unauthorized recurring payment Answer: In 2010, the Restore Online Shoppers' Confidence Act was passed, which prohibited certain activities, most of which had to do with
Question: Why is tax loss harvesting helpful for passive investing? Answer: The harvested losses are capital losses. See this IRS page: Generally, realized capital losses are first offset against realized
Question: Can you sell a security through a different broker from which it was purchased? Answer: Many brokers allow you to transfer shares to another broker without selling them. It
Question: Is there any online personal finance software without online banking? Answer: SavingsMap is a web-based personal finance forecasting tool that requires no bank account or personal information other than
Question: Paying myself a dividend from ltd company Answer: manage the company properly. If you aren't much aware about company rules and regulation or tax matters, get an accountant so
Question: Why are stop order called "stop" when it is in fact a "start" condition? Answer: A stop order can be used to both enter or exit a position. A
Question: What does a well diversified self-managed investment portfolio look like? Answer: I would like to first point out that there is nothing special about a self-managed investment portfolio as
Question: Consumer Loans vs Mortgages Answer: Here's a good definition of a consumer loan: What is a Consumer Loan? As@Pete B. pointed out, there are some states (California loves to
Question: How to distinguish gift from payment for the service? Answer: Most people will never need to pay federal gift taxes. The federal gift taxes start after giving away 5.34
Question: Computer vendor not honoring warranty. What's the next step? Answer: Give him a second chance to fix it. Some computer problems are hard to nail down. THIS: So you're
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: In my experience when a salesperson says a particular deal is only good if you purchase right now, 100% of the time it
Question: What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage? Answer: This is more of a long comment but may answer user's situation too. I have dealt with joint mortgages
Question: What is your effective tax rate if you work from home in Montreal for a company in Toronto? Answer: For tax purposes, what matters is your province of residence
Question: Market percentage growth per timeframe Answer: What you are looking for is an indicator called the "Rate of Change (Price)". It provides a rolling % change in the price
Question: Can I withdraw from my Roth IRA retirement account to fund a startup? Answer: There are two methods of doing this Pulling out the money and paying the penalty
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: Personally, I keep two regular checking accounts at different banks. One gets a direct deposit
Question: How do LLC losses affect personal income taxes in the US? Answer: The short answer is yes, losses get passed through to members. Limits/percentages do apply, primarily based on
Question: Can I open a personal bank account with an EIN instead of SSN? Answer: According to IRS Publication 1635, Understanding your EIN (PDF), under "What is an EIN?" on
Question: What should I look for when looking for stocks that are 'on-sale'? Answer: Don't invest. Keep cash. And wait till you see a crash in the price of some
Question: Refinance when going to sell? Answer: In the first years of a loan, most of what you're paying is interest, so my guess is that this is a bad
Question: Legal restrictions for EU-foreigners to setup bank account in Czech republic Answer: It depends on what exactly do you mean by "seat of residence". That term has different meanings
Question: How to manage currency risk in international investing Answer: Let's make a few assumptions: You have several ways of achieving (almost) that, in ascending complexity: Note that each alternative
Question: What is an "at close order" in the stock market? Answer: Investopedia defines it in the following way: It's essentially a market order that doesn't get entered until the
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: People have moods, that mean they don't have the same level of demand for luxuries every day. There
Question: Most important skills needed to select profitable stocks Answer: Coolness - It's not only a matter of staying calm when being up or down. You must keep yourself from
Question: What are the ins/outs of writing equipment purchases off as business expenses in a home based business? Answer: Most items used in business have to be depreciated; you get
Question: Where to categorize crypto-currencies Answer: Forex. I will employ my skill for "suspension of disbelief" and answer with no visceral reaction to Bitcoin itself. The Euro is not an
Question: Is it worth investing in Index Fund, Bond Index Fund and Gold at the same time? Answer: I'd say neither. Index Funds mimic whatever index. Some stocks that are
Question: Beginner questions about stock market Answer: 1st question: If I bought 1 percent share of company X, but unfortunately it closed down because of some reason as it was
Question: Ways to get individual securities from ETF's Answer: Assuming that the ETF is tracking an index, is there a reason for not looking at using details on the index?
Question: Am I liable for an auto accident if I'm a cosigner but not on the title, registration, or insurance policy? Answer: It might be possible to sue you successfully
Question: Are there alternatives to double currency account to manage payments in different currencies? Answer: Cheaper and faster are usually mutually exclusive. If you want faster, nothing is faster than
Question: Why does selling and then rebuying stock not lead to free money? Answer: I think the simple answer to your question is: Yes, when you sell, that drives down
Question: Put a dollar value on pensions? Answer: @JoeTaxpayer's answer outlines how to value it. Some other considerations: As I understand it, some public pensions may be tax-free if you
Question: How to calculate how much a large stock position is really worth? Answer: Something like cost = a  avg_spreadb + c  volatilityd  (order_size/avg_volume)e. Different brokers have
Question: Hourly rate negotiation tips for paid internship Answer: I am not sure if I would get any benefit besides the hourly payment as an intern. What are the benefits
Question: What is a good asset allocation for a 25 year old? Answer: Those are all predictions. To the core. With anything, I'd consider the source carefully before taking any
Question: If I send money to someone on student visa in USA, will he need to pay taxes on that? Answer: If i am not wrong, any business activities such
Question: Opportunity to buy Illinois bonds that can never default? Answer: If Illinois cannot go bankruptcy This is missing a few, very important words, "...under current law." The United States
Question: Titles, Financing and Insurance. How do they work? Answer: There is nothing illegal about a vehicle being in one person's name and someone else using it. An illegal straw
Question: Working in Iran for foreign company Answer: You should talk to a lawyer who's familiar with the matter. I'm not such a lawyer. For the best of my understanding,
Question: How does the price of oil influence the value of currency? Answer: Because we need energy in the form of oil. If more of our money is spent on
Question: Calculating profits for a private fund Answer: One way I heard of, from a friend who ran a similar fund as yours, is to calculate $days of investment and
Question: What happens if a purchase is $0.02 in Canada? Answer: The rounding should always follow the same rule. If the value ends in .01 or .02 then you round
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: Talk about opportunity cost. Show a rope, and put a tag with him on the
Question: How much of my home loan is coming from a bank, how much it goes back? Answer: When you get a loan (car, home, student) the lending company (bank)
Question: Refinancing a vehicle, longer term with extra in the kitty, or shorter term and just make scheduled payment? Answer: It really depends on the answers to two questions: 1)
Question: Company revenue increased however stock price did not Answer: The company released its 2nd Quarter Revenue of $1,957,921 a couple days ago however the stock did not move up
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: If you lease a car,
Question: Should I find a regular job or continue doing what am doing? Answer: This might sound harsh, but the first thing I would suggest is to stop making excuses.
Question: Estimating the impact of tax-loss harvesting Answer: When you sell a stock that you own, you realize gains, or losses. Short-term gains, realized within a year of buying and
Question: What type of returns Vanguard is quoting? Answer: From the Vanguard page - This seemed the easiest one as S&P data is simple to find. I use MoneyChimp to
Question: Should I invest in the world's strongest currency instead of my home currency? Answer: The best thing is to diversify across multiple currencies. USD and EUR seem reliable. But
Question: Is Investments by Bodie just an expanded version of Essentials of Investments? Answer: Reading the descriptions on Amazon.com it appears Investments is a graduate text and Elements of Investments
Question: I'm in the U.S. What are vehicles to invest in international stocks? Answer: Interactive Brokers offers many foreign markets (19 countries) for US based investors. You can trade all
Question: How do you calculate the rate of return (ROR) when buying and selling put options? Answer: RoR for options you bought is fairly easy: (Current Value-Initial Cost)/Initial Cost gives
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: If you are still paying off debt, then you should
Question: Is a car loan bad debt? Answer: A car loan might be considered "good" debt, if the following circumstances apply: If, on the other hand, you only qualify for
Question: How can people have such high credit card debts? Answer: I had $70K in credit card at one point. Limited income, starting a business - it's the only credit
Question: Should the bank cover money lost due to an unsuccessful transfer? Answer: Since the transaction was not your bank's mistake (but a decision by the Indian government) why should
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Apparently, if you keep your tires' air filled to the recommended level, your car will burn less
Question: Why are real-term bond yields systematically declining, and what does it mean for investors? Answer: On a longer time scale, the plot thickens: It almost looks random. A large
Question: Difference between a mortgage and buy-to-let in UK Answer: In my experience buy-to-let mortgages charge a higher rate of interest than an personal residential mortgage. They are regarded as
Question: I have an extra 1000 per month, what should I do with it? Answer: If I were you, I would save 200 euros for retirement each month and another
Question: What's the difference between TaxAct and TurboTax? Answer: I prefer TaxAct. I find it simpler to use and more helpful in helping answer the questionnaire. I have a fairly
Question: Why do 10 year Treasury bond yields affect mortgage interest rates? Answer: yield on a Treasury bond increases This primarily happens when the government increases interest rates or there
Question: What should I be doing to protect myself from identity theft? Answer: Here are a handful of measures I take myself: I check my credit reports once in a
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: I have in the last few years purchased several used cars from dealers. They have handled it two different ways.
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: There is plenty of over-rationalisation in the majority of these answers, when the simple answer is
Question: What argument(s) support the claim that long-term housing prices trend upward? Answer: It is supported by inflation and historical values. if you look at real estate as well as
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: My reply would be a serious, "Oh my word! I was going
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: Movie theater popcorn concessions are not really a competitive market.
Question: Shareholders meetings  the announcement of significant news Answer: SE:Personal Finance user Ray K says in a comment on this question that his or her broker said: a company
Question: Can I prove having savings without giving out the account number? Answer: If you're worried about the account number just take a statement and black out the account number
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: The key idea he should focus on is that every debt includes interest - the
Question: How to transfer money to yourself internationally? Answer: It really depends on the amount of money - I currently have to pay my mortgage in the UK from the
Question: How and Should I Invest (As a college 18 year old with minimal living expenses)? Answer: You have great intentions, and a great future. As far as investing goes,
Question: gift is taxable but is "loan" or "debt" taxable? Answer: The difference is whether or not you have a contract that stipulates the payment plan, interest, and late payment
Question: How to find out if I have a savings account already? Answer: If you know what bank your parents used, call them and ask. (Or you might have to
Question: Aggressive Mortgage Repayment Answer: It is great that you came up with a plan to own a rental home, free and clear, and also move up in home. It
Question: Is there any data that shows how diversifying results in better returns than just sticking to an all-stock portfolio? Answer: This paper by a Columbia business school professor says:
Question: Using P/E Ratio of an ETF to decide on asset mix Answer: P/E alone would not work very well. See for example http://www.hussmanfunds.com/html/peak2pk.htm and http://www.hussmanfunds.com/rsi/profitmargins.htm (in short, P/E is
Question: What's the point of a benchmark? Answer: Markets tend to go up over time, so most things you could buy would make money. A benchmark is meant to represent
Question: Transfering money from NRE account in India to family member Answer: I am a US citizen and I want to transfer some amount 10 lakhs+ to my brother from
Question: When to start investing in the stock market? Answer: Investing requires capital, and the fastest way to get the capital is to develop good saving habits. Investing is an
Question: Saving for a non-necessity Answer: In the course of one's spending, it's not tough to find things that are going to be that expensive. A median income is in
Question: What is the best use of "spare" money? Answer: There's a hellova lot to be said for investing in real estate (simple residential real estate), even though it's grandma's
Question: How do I add my income to my personal finance balance? Answer: Congratulations on keeping better track of your finances! Typically there will be a class of accounts labelled
Question: Income Tax form in India for freelancing Answer: Since you are living in India and earning income not from salary, you must file your tax return under ITR4(Profits or
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: There are lots of good points here already, but something that hasn't been mentioned yet
Question: Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again? Answer: In the United States, the Fair Credit Reporting Act allows companies to buy your credit information for
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: For a non-technical investor (meaning someone who doesn't try to do all the various technical analysis things
Question: How should minor children be listed as IRA beneficiaries? Answer: I think that "better" is up to a discussion, but the difference is that while in trust you can
Question: Limited Liability Partnership capital calculation Answer: Retained earnings is different from partner capital accounts. You can draw the money however the partners agree. Unless money is specifically transferred to
Question: If banks offer a fixed rate lower than the variable rate, is that an indication interest rates may head down? Answer: This is known as an inverted yield curve.
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: The one thing your friend needs to understand is for every dollar paid out, there is somebody
Question: Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month? Answer: Account statements and the account information provided by your personal finance software should be coming from the
Question: How can I check my credit score? Answer: Different states have different laws, check your local laws concerning credit. Some states even guarantee you to get one free credit
Question: Transferring money between two banks Answer: Why? Because they can get away with it, of course. In short - why not? You may want to read the answers to
Question: Finance the land on a non-financeable house? Answer: Some lenders will make loans for vacant land, others will not. You have to discuss with local bank what are your
Question: What would a stock be worth if dividends did not exist? [duplicate] Answer: This is how capital shares in split capital investment trusts work they never get any dividend
Question: Could capital gains from a stock sale impact my IRA eligibility? Answer: Yes, eligibility for contributing to a Roth IRA is determined by your Modified Adjusted Gross Income (MAGI)
Question: A guy scammed me, but he gave me a bank account number & routing number. Can I use that to take out what he owes me? Answer: A routing
Question: Yahoo Finance shows incorrect data Answer: Yes, I see the same problem. Google's version seems to be correct, however.
Question: Should I get a car loan before shopping for a car? Answer: You have a good start (estimated max amount you will pay, estimated max down payment, and term)
Question: What should I look at before investing in a start-up? Answer: Previous answers have done a great job with the "Should I invest?" question. One thing you may be
Question: Restricted Stock Grants - How to prepare tax return when you sell to cover taxes Answer: You don't. When you sell them - your cost basis would be the
Question: Can ETF's change the weighting of the assets they track Answer: They can rebalance and often times at a random manager's discretion. ETF's are just funds, and funds all
Question: What does volume and huge daily price increases say about stock prices? Answer: Stock B could be considered to be more risky because it seems to be more volatile
Question: When does a pricing error become false advertising? Answer: It's definitely annoying, but it's not necessarily false advertising. There is no rule or law that says they have to
Question: Is it safe to take a new mortgage loan in Greece? Answer: Please clarify your question. What do you mean by "..loan in Greece"? If you are referring to
Question: (Legitimate & respectable) strategies to generate "passive income" on the Internet? Answer: If you want real no hassle, look into getting an agent: http://www.xmarks.com/topic/photographers_agents Check Problogger for blogging info:
Question: Options on the E-mini S&P 500 Futures at the CME: what's the expiry date of the underlying future? Answer: I don't see EWQ6 in any of your links, so
Question: What are my chances at getting a mortgage with Terrible credit but High income Answer: The bottom line, is that you are doing the right thing now: correcting your
Question: Online tutorials for calculating DCF (Discounted Cash Flow)? Answer: Here's a link to an online calculator employing the Discounted Cash Flow method: Discounted Cash Flows Calculator. Description: This calculator
Question: Having a separate bank account for business/investing, but not a "business account?" Answer: If it makes your finances easier, why not? My wife and I had his/hers/our since before
Question: Should I buy stocks of my current employer because of its high dividend yield? Answer: Generally, it is considered a bad idea to put significant parts of your money
Question: Should we buy a house, or wait? Answer: Some highly pessimistic things worth noting to go alongside all the stability and tax break upside that homes generally provide: Negative
Question: Does a bid and ask price exist for indices like the S&P500? Answer: You can trade an index by using a Contract For Difference, or CFD. Various brokers offer
Question: Can I get my property taxes lowered? Answer: The question is whether the assessment is in line with surrounding homes. If my 1500 sq ft house on 1/4 acre
Question: Swap hedging a currency hedge Answer: I decided to try this in order to get a feel of it. As far as the interest rates are concerned, it works.
Question: How to rescue my money from negative interest? Answer: How about placing the money in a safety deposit box at the same bank? This will probably work out cheaper
Question: Getting started in stock with one special field of activity Answer: You are always best off investing in things you understand. If you have a deep understanding of the
Question: Are underlying assets supposed to be sold/bought immediately after being bought/sold in call/put option? Answer: When you can exercie your option depends on your trading style. In the american
Question: What are the advantages and disadvantages of leasing out a property or part of a property (such as a basement apartment)? Answer: The obvious advantage is turning your biggest
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: You have a few correlated questions here: Yes you can. There are only a few investment strategies that require
Question: Why is short-selling considered more "advanced" than a simple buy? Answer: The margin rules are also more complicated. A simple buy on a non-margin account will never run into
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: I'm fairly convinced there is no difference whatsoever between dividend payment
Question: How to split stock earnings? Answer: If he asked you to invest his money with certain objectives which resulted in you buying specific stocks for him with his money,
Question: Are car buying services worth it? Answer: I haven't heard of these before! (And I'm on the board of a Credit Union.) The 0.99% on loans is great. It's
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: This is a real difficult situation and I think the correct way
Question: Help Understanding Market/Limit Orders and Bid/Ask Price Answer: At any point of time, buyer wants to purchase a stock at lesser price and seller wants to sell the stock
Question: Living in my own rental property Answer: When you live in your own rental property, it no longer counts as your 'rental property'. It becomes your own living property
Question: Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Answer: I'd stick with 20% down. Truth is - we don't know enough about you. Are you single and
Question: When following a buy and hold investment strategy, on what conditions should one sell? Answer: Here's an easy test... Look at the investments in your portfolio and ask yourself
Question: What market conditions favor small cap stocks over medium cap stocks? Answer: Small companies are generally able to adapt quickly to take advantage of changing conditions to enter new
Question: Is the need to issue bonds a telltale sign that the company would have a hard time paying coupons? Answer: Apple is currently the most valuable company in the
Question: Is being a landlord a good idea? Is there a lot of risk? Answer: Buying a property and renting it out can be a good investment if it matches
Question: Is there a free, online stock screener for UK stocks? Answer: I'm actually building a UK stock screener right now. It's more of an exercise in finding out how
Question: what is this type of stock trade? Answer: try to sell if today's google stock goes above 669$ This is Relative/Pegged-to-Primary Order with a Limit Price of $669 and
Question: Why can I see/trade VIX but not S&P/TSX 60 VIX? Answer: S&P/TSX 60 VIX (CAD) is an equation and as the implied volatility of two close to the money
Question: Can I place a stock limit order to buy above the current price? Can I place a stock limit order to sell below the current price? Answer: buy above
Question: What are the possible metrics for evaluating annual performance of a portfolio? Answer: The Investopedia article you linked to is a good start. Its key takeaway is that you
Question: Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds? Answer: Question 2 Some financial institutions can provide a
Question: Why are earning credit card rewards often tied to groceries and gas? Answer: Every reward program has to have a funding source. If the card gives you x percent
Question: Can someone recommend a book that discusses the differences between types of financial statements? Answer: I would recommend "How to Read a Financial Report : For Managers, Entrepreneurs, Lenders,
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: Give me your money. I will invest it as I see
Question: What is a bond fund? Answer: A mutual fund that purchases bonds is a bond fund. Bond funds are considered to be less risk than a traditional stock mutual
Question: What does a contract's worth mean? Answer: It means $400m expected revenue, likely spread out over multiple years as it gets implemented, and not entirely guaranteed to happen as
Question: Taking Losses To Save On Tax Answer: No, if you are taking a loss solely and purely to reduce the tax you have to pay, then it is not
Question: Are junk bonds advisable to be inside a bond portfolio that has the objective of generating stable income for a retiree? Answer: Corporate bonds have gotten very complicated in
Question: How can one protect oneself from a dividend stock with decreasing price? Answer: An alternative options strategy to minimize loss of investment capital is to buy a put, near
Question: Do I need to report to FInCEN if I had greater than $10,000 worth of bitcoin in a foreign bitcoin exchange? Answer: Lets look at possible use cases: If
Question: Looking into investment bonds for the first time- what do I need to be aware of? Answer: All bonds carry a risk of default, which means that it's possible
Question: Moving savings to Canada? Answer: It is absolutely feasible to move your savings into Canada. There are a few ways you can do it. However it is unlikely you
Question: Making higher payments on primary residence mortgage or rental? Answer: A lot depends on whether your mortgage payments are interest only or 'repayment' and what the remaining term is
Question: Is there a good options strategy that has a fairly low risk? Answer: You may look into covered calls. In short, selling the option instead of buying it ...
Question: Official site to follow Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway change in investment holdings? Answer: Are you looking for this Warren Buffets Stock Portfolio? Or Berkshire Hathaway Portfolio WFC is near
Question: How does Portfolio Turnover affect my investment? Answer: As Kurt Vonnegut said, the way to make money is to be there when large amounts of money are changing hands
Question: What is Systematic about Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and who invented it? Answer: According to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Systematic_Investment_Plan it's nothing but a fancy term for plain old dollar cost averaging.
Question: Large BUY LIMIT orders' effect on a stock's price Answer: Traders sometimes look at the depth of the book (number of outstanding limit orders) to try and gauge the
Question: Why do volatility stocks/ETFs (TVIX, VXX, UVXY) trend down in the long-term? Answer: Since these indices only try to follow VIX and don't have the underlying constituents (as the
Question: How much money should I put on a house? Answer: I Usually would not say this but if you can just put down 20% I would do that and
Question: Should I fund a move by borrowing or selling other property assets? Answer: It is a lot easier to make money when you are not in debt. If you
Question: What's the difference between Term and Whole Life insurance? Answer: Just to add to @duffbeer703 comment, additionally, the cash value is NOT part of the death benefit. The policy
Question: How does the yield on my investments stack up against other investors? Answer: From an article I wrote a while back: "Dalbar Inc., a Boston-based financial services research firm,
Question: Micro-investing: How to effectively invest frequent small amounts of money in equities? Answer: Compound interest is your friend. For such a low amount of cash, just pop it into
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: You don't need credit cards but there are few benefits, if you pay them off right away I assume you do have
Question: How can I tell if this internet sales manager is telling me the real "true cost" of a new car to the dealer Answer: Consumer Reports offers a service
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: A few reasons. First, it's hard to buy a stock that has never gone up, and isn't necessarily wise to
Question: Are credit cards not viewed as credit until you miss one payment? Answer: K, welcome to Money.SE. You knew enough to add good tags to the question. Now, you
Question: I file 83(b) election, but did't include a copy of it in that years tax return Answer: This may be relevant: it suggests that IRS is lenient with the
Question: Stock Options for a company bought out in cash and stock Answer: There is no chance the deal will complete before option expiration. Humana stock will open Monday close
Question: New car price was negotiated as a "cash deal". Will the price change if I finance instead? Answer: as a used dealer in subprime sales, finance has to be
Question: Previous owner of my home wants to buy it back but the property's value is less than my loan what to do? Answer: I would tell the former owner
Question: Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading? Answer: Yes it is viable but uncommon. As with everything to do with investment, you have to know what you are
Question: Are REIT worth it and is it a good option to generate passive income for a while? Answer: There are tax strategies you could take advantage of if you
Question: Do I have to pay taxes on income from my website or profits? Answer: I am not an accountant, but I do run a business in the UK and
Question: Capital Gains Tax with Multiple 'buy' Transactions per Stock (U.S.) Answer: From 26 CFR 1.1012(c)(1)i): ... if a taxpayer sells or transfers shares of stock in a corporation that
Question: Should I Use an Investment Professional? Answer: Yes. The investment world is extremely fast-paced and competitive. There are loads of professional traders with supercomputers working day in and day
Question: Question about dividends and giant companies [duplicate] Answer: Dividends are a way of distributing profits from operating a business to the business owners. Why would you call it "wasting
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: Assuming that a person has good financial discipline and is generally responsible with spending, I think that having
Question: Company asking for card details to refund over email Answer: If it is a well known company that wants to give you a refund, I would not worry about
Question: Are my purchases of stock, mutual funds, ETF's, and commodities investing, or speculation? Answer: I'd argue the two words ought to (in that I see this as a helpful
Question: How to motivate young people to save money Answer: Talk freely about what you can now do because of saving. If you plan to retire sooner than most, or
Question: Is buying or selling goods for gold or silver considered taxable? Answer: What you are doing is barter trade. Most countries [if not all] would tax this on assumed
Question: Feasibility of using long term pattern on short term investments Answer: When structures recur at different scales, they're called "fractals", and there is something called the "fractal markets hypothesis"
Question: Why is it good to borrow money to buy a house? Answer: First, who is saying that it is a better option? In general it is best to pay
Question: When filing a US 1065 as a General Partnership, do we combine our expenditures for a home office? Answer: Your home doesn't belong to the partnership, it belongs to
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: In gambling, the house also takes a cut, so the total money in the game
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: As this is anonymous, can you give us actual numbers? I can make guesses based on your percentages,
Question: How does one typically exit (close out) a large, in-the-money long put option position? Answer: The question is, how do I exit? I can't really sell the puts because
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: This seems very suspicious, as if it were fraud, and not a legitimate collector. Garnishing wages takes a
Question: Free Historical Commodity Prices in txt? Answer: At indexmundi, they have some historical data which you can grab from their charts: It only has a price on a monthly
Question: How do you get your Canadian stock information? Answer: I only follow the news of stocks I already own. I use the GlobeInvest Watchlist http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/my-watchlist/ each Friday night. In
Question: Can one be non-resident alien in the US without being a resident anywhere else? Answer: If you aren't a US National (citizen or Green Card holder or some other
Question: If I want to take cash from Portugal to the USA, should I exchange my money before leaving or after arriving? Answer: I would just rely on the salary
Question: If I buy a share from myself at a higher price, will that drive the price up so I can sell all my shares the higher price? Answer: Yes
Question: dividend cover ratio for stocks Answer: Sources such as Value Line, or S&P stock reports will show you dividend payout ratios (the American usage. These are the inverse of
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: It is true that all else being equal, you will pay
Question: What did John Templeton mean when he said that the four most dangerous words in investing are: this time its different'? Answer: A brief review of the financial collapses
Question: What part of buying a house would make my net worth go down? Answer: Houses depreciate. Period. Things break: the hot water heater explodes, the AC cuts out in
Question: Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel? Answer: You don't. When you get to Japan, use your ATM card to withdraw local currency. My bank (ETrade) doesn't charge
Question: How prudent would it be to invest (stocks/equity) in businesses that are based on Cash transactions? Answer: If they're hiding their profits from the government, what makes you think
Question: trailing stop loss in slow price decline Answer: The price doesn't have to drop 5% in one go to activate your order. The trailing aspect simply means your sell
Question: How do I figure out the market value of used books? Answer: Text Book values drop rather rapidly and fluctuate quite a bit based on when you are selling
Question: Are traders 100% responsible for a stock's price changes? Answer: Yes traders, living or algorithmic, are the only direct factors that can cause a change in the price of
Question: Rental Properties: Is it good or bad that I can't find rental listings on that street? Answer: Based on the information you gave, there are dozens if not hundreds
Question: Do I qualify for a personal 401-K Plan? Answer: I'm not a tax lawyer, but from what I can tell it looks like you'd be eligible to use your
Question: How's the graph of after/pre markets be drawn? Answer: the data source is the same as the live market trading. pre and after market trading are active markets and
Question: What is the best cross-platform GPL personal finance tool available? Answer: I use "Money Manager Ex" which is a Windows application I use on PC to log my transactions
Question: Clothing Store Credit Card Account closed but not deleted Answer: You have little chance of getting it deleted. I have the same situation, I closed mine in 2006, and
Question: Should you diversify your bond investments across many foreign countries? Answer: Adding international bonds to an individual investor's portfolio is a controversial subject. On top of the standard risks
Question: How much should I be contributing to my 401k given my employer's contribution? Answer: JoeTapayer has good advice here. I would like to add my notes. If they give
Question: How to quickly track daily cash expenses that don't come with a receipt? Answer: A pencil and a small notepad really work here, but if you have a smartphone
Question: 401k vs. real estate for someone who is great at saving? Answer: With an appropriate selection within a 401K and if operating expenses are low, you get tax deferred
Question: I am not VAT registered. Do I need to buy from my supplier with excl VAT prices or incl VAT? Answer: It looks like there's some confusion about the
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: Other people have already demonstrated the effect of compound interest to the question. I'd
Question: How many days do I have to hold a stock before it is considered a capital gain by the CRA? Answer: You don't have to wait. If you sell
Question: Why does Yahoo Finance and Google Finance not match historical prices? Answer: The difference is that Yahoo is showing the unadjusted price that the security traded for on that
Question: Brent crude vs. USD market value Answer: I don't think the two are particularly linked. While Brick is right in that the price of oil is denominated in dollars,
Question: What is the best way to invest in US stocks from India? Answer: Quite a few stock broker in India offer to trade in US markets via tie-up brokers
Question: Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry Answer: Dont forget that changing volatility will have an impact on the time value too! So at
Question: Where does the money go when I buy stocks? Answer: When you buy a share of stock, you are almost always buying from someone who previously purchased that share
Question: What is quotational loss in stock market? Answer: https://www.fool.com/investing/general/2013/07/30/2-types-of-risk-2-types-of-bubbles.aspx (mirror): The Wall Street Journal reviews: What Mr. Bernstein calls "shallow risk" is a temporary drop in an asset's market
Question: Escrow Removal Fee? Answer: Consider that the bank of course makes money on the money in your escrow. It is nothing but a free loan you give the bank,
Question: How can I detect potential fraud in a company before investing in them? Answer: Given that such activities are criminal and the people committing them have to hide them
Question: What's a reliable way for a non-permanent resident alien in the USA to get an auto loan? Answer: I don't think that they ask you for your citizenship status
Question: How does a change in market cap affect a company's operational decisions? Answer: It basically only affects the company's dealings with its own stock, not with operational concerns. If
Question: Is there any reason to buy shares before/after a split? Answer: There has been a lot of research on the effects of stock splits. Some studies have concluded that:
Question: What do I need to do to form an LLC? Answer: You can file an LLC yourself in most states, although it might be helpful to use a service
Question: What if 40% of the remaining 60% Loan To Value (ratio) is not paid, or the borrower wants to take only 60% of the loan? Answer: Sorry, I don't
Question: What is the fair value of a stock given the bid and ask prices? Is there such a relationship? Answer: Fair value can mean many different things depending on
Question: My boss wants to buy me a gift. How do I account for taxes for this? Answer: The way I have seen this done in the past is the
Question: Re-financing/consolidating multiple student loans for medical school? Answer: Several student loans are backed by government guarantee and this will allow you to get attractive rates. This may require them
Question: If you want to trade an equity that reflects changes in VIX, what is a good proxy for it? Answer: I'd look at VXX, I believe it closely tracks
Question: Is gold really an investment or just a hedge against inflation? Answer: Over on Quantitative Finance Stack Exchange, I asked and answered a more technical and broader version of
Question: Meaning of "readily transferable"? Answer: Securities or quite a few negotiable instruments can change title of ownership without any issue. Many at times the owner ship in implicit if
Question: If I short-sell a dividend-paying stock, do I have to pay the dividend? Answer: Yes, you would. You owe it to the person you borrowed the shares from. (source)
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: No one has addressed the fact that your loan interest and property taxes are "deductible" on your
Question: Are long-term bonds risky assets? Answer: Long-term bonds -- any bonds, really -- can be risky for two main reasons: return on principal, or return of principal. The former
Question: What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country's dollar value goes down? Answer: There are several possible effects: There isn't much you could do
Question: Borrowing 100k and paying it to someone then declaring bankruptcy Answer: This is called a fraudulent conveyance because its purpose is to prevent a creditor from getting repaid. It
Question: Acquiring first office clothes Answer: Like the other answers, I'm not entirely sure the equivalent exists in your country. But in the US there are thrift stores run by
Question: If I want to take cash from Portugal to the USA, should I exchange my money before leaving or after arriving? Answer: My experience (from European countries, but not
Question: How to calculate how much house I can afford? Answer: There is no simple way to calculate how much house any given person can afford. In the answer keshlam
Question: What should I do with the stock from my Employee Stock Purchase Plan? Answer: Since you work there, you may have some home bias. You should treat that as
Question: Is equity research from large banks reliable? Answer: If by "can we trust the analyst recommendations" you mean "are they right 100% of the time" the answer is absolutely
Question: How to manage 20 residential apartments Answer: If he can't manage, best is he sells it off. Its easier to manage cash. Not sure what tax you are talking
Question: How can I make $250,000.00 from trading/investing/business within 5 years? Answer: The answer to your question is Forex trading. You can get to 250K quicker than any other "investment"
Question: What effect would currency devaluation have on my investments? Answer: First, a clarification. No assets are immune to inflation, apart from inflation-indexed securities like TIPS or inflation-indexed gilts (well,
Question: Giving kids annual tax free gift of $28,000 Answer: If the child is a dependent the question is moot. It is accepted that the parent will pay for some,
Question: Relation between interest rates and currency for a nation Answer: What you are asking about is called Interest Rate Parity. Or for a longer explanation the article Interest Rate
Question: Is gold really an investment or just a hedge against inflation? Answer: Another answer to this question occurred to me as I started learning more about historical uses for
Question: IRR vs. Interest Rates Answer: Yes, if your IRR is 5% per annum after three years then the total return (I prefer total rather than your use of actual)
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: The main reason is that a public company is owned by its
Question: What is the difference between a scrip dividend and a stock split? Answer: Most corporations have a limit on the number of shares that they can issue, which is
Question: Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name? Answer: Consider that there are some low-probability, high-impact risk factors involved
Question: Historical stock prices: Where to find free / low cost data for offline analysis? Answer: I also searched for some time before discovering Market Archive, which AFAIK is the
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: I have an eight year old Kia Spectra that my wife is after me to
Question: When (if) I should consider cashing in (selling) shares to realize capital gains? Answer: You should know when to sell your shares before you buy them. This is most
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: That's a pretty good question for a six-year-old! In addition to the good answers which point out
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: Have you checked to make sure that your card isn't at the
Question: Dollar-cost averaging: How often should one use it? What criteria to use when choosing stocks to apply it to? Answer: Dollar cost averaging can be done in a retirement
Question: Can capital gains be used to fund an IRA with tax advantages? Answer: IRA contribution must be from your earned income in the sense that you cannot contribute to
Question: Settling before T+3? Answer: The T+3 settlement date only affects cash accounts. In a cash account, you need to wait until the T+3 settlement date for your funds to
Question: Should I pay my Education Loan or Put it in the Stock Market? Answer: I'd recommend hitting the loan the hardest, but getting something invested as well. It's tempting
Question: Early Retirement Options (UK) Answer: It's highly unlikely that you will be able to achieve 8% and would consider myself lucky to get 4% in the current interest rate
Question: Whether to prepay mortgage or invest in stocks Answer: The short answer is to invest it since the rate of return is higher than your mortgage. (Assuming that you
Question: Company asking for card details to refund over email Answer: A bona-fide company never needs your credit card details, certainly not your 3-digit-on-back-of-card #, to issue a refund. On
Question: Should I wait to save up 20% downpayment on a 500k condo? Answer: As I've crunched numbers towards what my family could afford for a down payment (in an
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: Excellent question and it is a debate that is often raised. Mathematically you
Question: Why do only motor insurers employ "No Claims Discounts"? Answer: Discounting premiums based on some past history is not unique to auto policies. Other insurers will discount premiums based
Question: How do I analyse moving averages? Answer: Moving Average is mere average line based on historical period; broadly use to view the trend. But it has no relation to
Question: How to determine whether 1099-MISC income is from self-employment? Answer: These kinds of questions can be rather tricky. I've struggled with this sort of thing in the past when
Question: Make punctual contributions to IRS based on earnings Answer: I will answer this question broadly for various jurisdictions, and also specifically for the US, given the OP's tax home:
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: Now I have been trying to figure out how to split the money that we both earn. From what I
Question: What's the average rate of return for some of the most mainstream index funds? Answer: When asking about rate of return it is imperative to specify the time period.
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: The short answer is that there are no great personal finance programs out there any more. In the past, I found Microsoft Money to be
Question: Setting up a LLC for two partners in different states, what should we look into? Answer: TL;DR: Get a tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State) for tax issues,
Question: Is refinancing my auto loan just to avoid dealing with the lender that issued it a crazy idea? Answer: Id say No, its not crazy. I did that even
Question: Need something more basic than a financial advisor or planner Answer: You know how when people called in on the Car Talk radio show (Click and Clack, I miss
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: I really don't feel co-signing this loan is in the best interests
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: One big deciding factor will be what standard of living you want to
Question: What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK] Answer: Update: I am now using another app called toshl and I am very satisfied with it. In
Question: Is there any instance where less leverage will get you a better return on a rental property? Answer: leverage amplifies gains and losses, when returns are positive leverage makes
Question: How are RSU's factored into Income during loan qualification? Answer: RSUs are not "essentially cash". "R" in the RSU stands for restricted. These awards have strings attached, and as
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: Most of the people I know that own them are slightly older, and thus in their prime earning years, and many have
Question: Didn't apply for credit card but got an application denied letter? Answer: It's marketing or SCAM tentative. Please check with extreme attention before clicking any link present in the
Question: Can individuals day-trade stocks using High-Frequency Trading (HFT)? Answer: Nobody is going to stop you if you want to try that. But you should keep in mind that you
Question: Cannot get a mortgage because I work through a recruiter Answer: I think you are running into multiple problems here: All these together look like a high risk to
Question: New vending route business, not sure how to determine taxes Answer: You're not paying taxes three times but you are paying three different taxes (or more). Sales tax is
Question: What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? Answer: There is a positive not being mentioned above: the depreciation vs your regular earned income. Disclaimer: I am
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: With an investment, you tend to buy it for a very specific purpose, namely to make you some
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: If you assume the market is always 100% rational and accurate and liquid, then it doesn't matter
Question: The U.S. National Debt: What is it, where did it come from, and how does it work? Answer: It is measured in US dollars. The US cannot just print
Question: What economic, political and other factors influence mortgage rates (and how)? Answer: Without commenting on whether or not it's needed I don't think we are going to see a
Question: Options vs Stocks which is more profitable Answer: First, to mention one thing - better analysis calls for analyzing a range of outcomes, not just one; assigning a probability
Question: How to fill the IRS Offer In Compromise with an underwater asset? Answer: If you have both consumer debt and IRS debt, you can file Chapter 7 bankruptcy to
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: A used luxury car coming out of lease is usually very affordable. They are usually in good condition, still look relatively new,
Question: What are the options for a 19-year-old college student who only has about $1000? Answer: The "$1000 is no money at all" people are amusing me. Way back in
Question: How can home buying be considered a sound investment with all of that interest that needs to be paid? Answer: I'm going to start with your title question: How
Question: How to divide a mortgage and living area fairly? Answer: I think what you have here is actually TWO agreements with your sister, and explicitly splitting it into two
Question: Can expenses for attending stockholders meetings be deducted in U.S. income taxes? Answer: Nope, not deductible. It's true that some investment expenses are deductible, mainly as "miscellaneous itemized expenses",
Question: Is there a tax deduction for renting office space in service of employer? Answer: If you are a telecommuter and in good terms with your employer, then all you
Question: I am moving to a new city. How do I plan and prepare - financially - for the move? Answer: Utilities and cost of living vary from city to
Question: Are these really bond yields? Answer: that would imply that a 30Y US Treasury bond only yields 2.78%, which is nonsensically low. Those are annualized yields. It would be
Question: Should my husband's business pay my business? Answer: I agree with some of the points of the other answers but why not avoid all the guesswork? I highly recommend
Question: Bollinger Bands and TRENDING market Answer: Bollinger Bands are placed standard deviations away from the moving average. Therefore if the price is volatile, the bands diverge from the mean.
Question: Why do requirements after a margin call vary? Answer: Initial Margins and Maintenance margins can be used for both stocks as well as futures. It depends on which broker
Question: Is having a 'startup fund' a good idea? Answer: I am asking because startups are super risky and 99% of the times you fail and lose the money. First
Question: Legal documents required for managing an investment portfolio among friends? Answer: You have to register with the SEC as an Investment Company. The SEC has a "Investment Company Regulation
Question: Beginner questions about stock market Answer: In the US, and I suspect in most of the developed world, one major point of a corporation is limited liability. The stockholders
Question: What is the compound annual growth rate of the major markets? Answer: Center for Research in Security Prices would be my suggestion for where to go for US stock
Question: Why are there so many stock exchanges in the world? Answer: Stock exchanges have been undergoing a period of consolidation for the past hundred years for the exact reasons
Question: Can PayPal transfer money automatically from my bank account if I link it in PayPal? Answer: The answer is no. Paypal will always ask for permission before adding or
Question: Can PE ratio of stocks be compared to other investments? Answer: In the long run (how long?) a shares price always reverts to being its proportional amount of the
Question: Is an investor of a startup subjected under a vesting schedule? Answer: As a start-up, the initial shares can be given at various price points. So essentially they can
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Others have given a lot of advice about how to invest, but as a former
Question: Where should I park my money if I'm pessimistic about the economy and I think there will be high inflation? Answer: Apart from some of the excellent things others
Question: How to fund sabbatical to prepare house for sale? Answer: I'll write this up as a more formal answer, here. I'd suggest looking into a Home Equity Line of
Question: How do credit card payments work? What ensures the retailer charges the right amount? Answer: When you give your credit card number and authorize a merchant to charge your
Question: Should I switch to this high rate checking account for my emergency fund? Answer: If you're relatively certain that you're going to meet the requirements, it sounds like a
Question: Is there any instance where less leverage will get you a better return on a rental property? Answer: More leverage means more risk. There is more upside. There is
Question: Investment Options for 14-year old? Answer: As you are 14, you cannot legally buy premium bonds yourself. Your parents could buy them and hold them for you, mind you.
Question: Accounting Entry for Selling a Covered Call Answer: Option contracts typically each represent 100 shares. So the 1 call contract you sold to open (wrote) grants the buyer of
Question: Can you short a stock before the ex-div. date to make a profit? Answer: I am relative newbie in the financial market trading and as I understand it, the
Question: How to calculate 1 share movement Answer: Unless other people believe you have a reason for selling at a lower price, your sale probably has no lasting effect at
Question: Most common types of financial scams an individual investor should beware of? Answer: If an offer "is only valid right now" and "if you don't act immediately, it will
Question: Exercise an out of the money option Answer: It is possible to exercise an out of the money option contract. Reasons to do this: You want a large stake
Question: Can signing up at optoutprescreen.com improve my credit score? Answer: Some credit checks are ignored as part of the scoring process. Some companies will pull your info, to make
Question: How to treat miles driven to the mechanic, gas station, etc when calculating business use of car? Answer: Since you are using the percentage method to determine the home/business
Question: Does this sound like a great idea regarding being a landlord and starting a real estate empire? Answer: The idea you present is not uncommon, many have tried it
Question: Why don't market indexes use aggregate market capitalization? Answer: They do but you're missing some calculations needed to gain an understanding. Intro To Stock Index Weighting Methods notes in
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: It is not unheard of. Celebrity investors such as Warren Buffet and Carl Icahn gained notoriety by more
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: It's not typically possible for someone to jointly own the house, who is
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: Just get out. If the investment isn't going up,
Question: Why are options created? Answer: In general economic theory, there are always two markets created based on a need for a good; a spot market (where people who need
Question: Should my retirement portfolio imitate my saving portfolio? Answer: Short Answer: Length of Time invested and risk should be correlated. From what I am hearing this is pretty good
Question: How to manage paying expenses when moving to a weekly pay schedule and with a pay increase? Answer: This is really just a matter of planning. It's good that
Question: Questrade - What happens if I buy U.S. stock with Canadian money? Answer: I personally spoke with a Questrade agent about my question. To make a long story short:
Question: 250k USD in savings. What's next? Answer: A good answer to the question really depends on where you want to live, ultimately. Where you want to live pretty much
Question: Starting long-term savings account as a college student Answer: Where is the money coming from? If you already have the money (inheritance, gifts or similar) sitting in your account,
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: No matter what, it is never a bad decision to go 100% debt free. However, you can make
Question: Where should I park my rainy-day / emergency fund? Answer: I am using ING for my emergency savings, but sometime last year I discovered SmartyPig. As of 4/24/2010 they
Question: Is the contribution towards Employment Insurance (EI) wasted if I never get fired, or are my premiums refunded? Answer: Sorry, even if you never file a claim for Employment
Question: Are there any consequences for investing in Vanguard's Admiral Shares funds instead of ETF's in a Roth IRA? Answer: ETFs purchases are subject to a bid/ask spread, which is
Question: How would bonds fare if interest rates rose? Answer: 1. Interest rates What you should know is that the longer the "term" of a bond fund, the more it
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: It's almost like why don't you wake up in the morning
Question: Strategies to guarantee arrival time for transfers between banks Answer: Transfers are defined to arrive on a specific number of business days, nearly always one business day (if you
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: Keep in mind that by fully paying off one of your loans, you will
Question: Are in-kind donations from my S-Corp tax-deductible in any way? Answer: You should probably have a tax professional help you with that (generally advisable when doing corporation returns, even
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: If it was me, I would sell the house and use the proceeds to work on/pay off the
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: Aside from the fear that you or a loved one will spend it frivolously, I'm
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: Another option, not yet discussed here, is to allow the loan to go into default and let
Question: High-risk investing is better for the young? Why? Answer: There's two reasons. One is that you have a longer time horizon, other answers cover that. The second is that
Question: How to calculate my estimated taxes. 1099 MISC + Self Employment Answer: This is wrong. It should be or Now, to get back to self-employment tax. Self-employment tax is
Question: Free Historical Commodity Prices in txt? Answer: Goldprice.org has different currencies and historical data. I think silverprice.org also has historical data.
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: Having a highly liquid emergency fund can lubricate the wheels for disaster recovery. For example, several years ago I
Question: How to interpret stock performance charts "vs S&P 500" Answer: tl;dr: The CNN Money and Yahoo Finance charts are wildly inaccurate. The TD Ameritrade chart appears to be accurate
Question: If the former owner of my home is still using the address, can it harm me? Answer: Give it to your mailman to return to sender. For this kind
Question: Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement? Answer: As a rule, one should have a retirement. HOWEVER, you also have over a half
Question: What are my best options if I don't have a lot of credit lines for housing loans? Answer: The short answer is, with limited credit, your best bet might
Question: Are personal finance / money management classes taught in high school, anywhere? Answer: It's not a full credit course but part time comic James Cunningham has speaking tour that
Question: Where to park money while saving for a car Answer: Bond aren't necessarily any safer than the stock market. Ultimately, there is no such thing as a low risk
Question: Taking partial capital loss purely for tax purposes Answer: Note that the rules around wash sales vary depending on where you live. For the U.S., the wash sale rules
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: Your Spidey senses are good. A good friend would not put you in such a position. It's simple, to skirt some issue (we'll
Question: Can one get a house mortgage without buying a house? Answer: As a legal contract, a mortgage is a form of secured debt. In the case of a mortgage,
Question: Determine share price from S-1 for company that was bought before going public Answer: To add to @keshlam's answer slightly a stock's price is made up of several components:
Question: How to acquire skills required for long-term investing? Answer: The key to good investing is you need to understand what you are investing in. That is, if you are
Question: Risk of buying stock Answer: I'd recommend investing in a mutual fund that diversifies your purchase across a number of stocks (and bonds, depending on the fund). Vanguard has
Question: ETF's for early retirement strategy Answer: This is the chart going back to the first full year of this fund. To answer your question - yes, a low cost
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: Well Company is a small assets company for example it has 450,000,000 shares outstanding and is currently traded at
Question: Why is stock dilution legal? Answer: If that company issues another 100 shares, shouldn't 10 of those new 100 shares be mine? Those 100 shares are an asset of
Question: How much of each stock do index funds hold? Answer: In general, the goal of an S&P 500 index fund is to replicate the performance of the S&P 500
Question: Wardrobe: To Update or Not? How-to without breaking the bank Answer: Sounds more of a question for the fine people at StyleForum.net but i would suggest to start looking
Question: What is good growth? Answer: There isn't a single hard and fast return to expect. Securities, like all things in a free market, compete for your money. As the
Question: Transfer $50k to another person's account (in California, USA) Answer: It will not be a problem; people regularly move larger sums. It will be reported to law authorities as
Question: Forgot to renew Fictitious Name application within the county. What is the penalty for late filing? Answer: I checked this myself and there is no monetary penalty for late
Question: What is the process of getting your first share? Answer: Let's handle this as a "proof of concept" (POC); OP wants to buy 1 share of anything just to
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: Real estate is not a good investment. In fact, it's easy to make a case for it being
Question: Can my U.S. company do work for a foreign company and get wire transfers to my personal account? Answer: It seems that you're complicating things quite a bit. Why
Question: What can I do when the trading price of a stock or ETF I want to buy is too high? Answer: For equities, buy direct from the transfer agent.
Question: What are 'business fundamentals'? Answer: From http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Business+Fundamentals The facts that affect a company's underlying value. Examples of business fundamentals include debt, cash flow, supply of and demand for the
Question: How to calculate years until financial independence? Answer: The definition I use for financial independence is 99% confidence that, at a specific estimated spending rate per year (allowing for
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: I am able to set this up for my tenants by providing them with a form to fill out so that
Question: Is it possible to get life insurance as a beneficiary before the person insured dies? Answer: I recall the following business from the AIDS crisis: viatical settlement But because
Question: Will unpaid taxes prevent me from getting a business license? Answer: Generally these things are unrelated. Your tax debt is to agency X, your license is (mostly) from agency
Question: What is the dividend tax rate for UK stock Answer: The link provided by DumbCoder (below) is only relevant to UK resident investors and does not apply if you
Question: What are my investment options in real estate? Answer: Your post seems to read as if you want to invest only in real estate rental properties as a start
Question: Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents (cash flow) vs Cash And Cash Equivalents (balance sheet) Answer: tl;dr It's a difference between cash and cash equivalents and net cash and
Question: Pros and cons of investing in a cheaper vs expensive index funds that track the same index Answer: As has been pointed out, one isn't cheaper than the other.
Question: hardship withdrawal Answer: Gaining traction is your first priority. WARNING: as @JosephZambrano explains in his answer the tax penalty for withdrawing from a 401(k) can easily exceed the APR
Question: Can I just file a 1040-ES? Answer: Yes, you can send in a 2012 1040-ES form with a check to cover your tax liability. However, you will likely have
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: Your reasoning is backwards. As others have pointed out, you cannot just decide how much you charge
Question: Can I rollover an "individual retirement annuity" to an IRA? Answer: Annuities, like life insurance, are sold rather than bought. Once upon a time, IRAs inherited from a non-spouse
Question: Shorting Stocks And Margin Account Minimum Answer: First, you are not exactly "giving" the brokerage $2000. That money is the margin requirement to protect them in the case the
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: Here are the main ways of doing this that I've encountered. I've met advocates of each. You
Question: Personal "Profit & Loss Statement" required for mortgage? Answer: The bank is asking for a P & L because as a contractor you are in essence running your own
Question: What's a good free checking account? Answer: Check with a small local bank or credit union, they might offer better terms. That said, my local credit union still charges
Question: Employer no longer withholds, how do I self administer 401k Answer: You can't be doing it yourself. Only your employer can do it. If the employer doesn't provide the
Question: Can I transfer self-employed income into LLC? Answer: An LLC is a very flexible company when it comes to taxation. You have three basic tax options: There are other
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: As long as you can be trusted with a Credit Card i find that
Question: Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash? Answer: Look at a mixture of low-fee index funds, low-fee bond funds, and CDs. The exact allocation has to be tailored
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: I feel your pain. It probably depends on your state, but
Question: Can you recommend some good websites/brokers for buying/selling stocks in India? Answer: Indiabulls. Low brokerage (If you bargain) I'm user of it and I'm getting 25paisa for delivery and
Question: What is the difference between a stop order and a stop limit order? Answer: An attempt at a simple answer for the normal investor: A normal investor buys stock
Question: Paid off oldest CC keep it open or close it? Answer: First off, congratulations on taking care of your finances and paying off your cards! Takes a lot of
Question: Can I profit from selling a PUT on BBY? Answer: The time when you might want to do this is if you think BBY is undervalued already. If you'd
Question: Can I use same stock broker to buy stocks from different stock markets? Answer: Most stock brokers are "full service" brokers. That is to say that you can so
Question: Why did I lose 2 cents more than the difference in the stock prices on my Robinhood trade? Answer: Free, huh? From their Commission and Fee Schedule: So if
Question: How can I spend less? Answer: There are many tactics you can use. If your biggest problem is regretting your larger purchases, I'd suggest giving yourself rules before making
Question: is the bankruptcy of exchange markets possible? Answer: @MichaelBorgwardt gave an excellent answer. Let me add a little analogy here that might help. Suppose you bought a car from
Question: Should I sell my individual stocks and buy a mutual fund Answer: This depends on a lot actually - with the overall being your goals and how much you
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: The scammer is definitely up to something fishy. He (it's certain that the she is a he) may deposit some money into
Question: How to make money from a downward European market? Answer: What you do is you create an infomercial where you sell a booklet about junk investments that you are
Question: Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Answer: One big factor that no one has mentioned yet is whether you believe in a deflationary or inflationary
Question: What corporation tax am I required to pay as an independent contractor? Answer: The difference between the provincial/territorial low and high corporate income tax rates is clear if you
Question: Premium classification when selling covered calls in a traditional IRA? Answer: If you hold stock in a traditional IRA and sell a covered call against that stock, the premium
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: Most people today (and maybe regardless of era) are irrational and don't properly valuate many of their purchases,
Question: still have mortgage on old house to be torn down- want to build new house Answer: You're effectively looking for a mortgage for a new self-build house. At the
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: You are mixing issues here. And it's tough for members to answer without more detail, the current
Question: Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option? Answer: I think you need a diversified portfolio, and index funds can be a part of
Question: Frustrated Landlord Answer: You are not a landlord. You have choices: The current situation is charity. And that's ok, so long as you acknowledge it. In the big picture,
Question: How do I handle fund minimums as a beginning investor? Answer: If you are comfortable picking individual stocks and can get into Robinhood you only need $1000 to get
Question: Paying over the minimum mortgage payment Answer: Let's look at some of your options: In a savings account, your $40,000 might be earning maybe 0.5%, if you are lucky.
Question: How do I hedge stock options like market makers do? Answer: Let's consider that transaction cost is 0(zero) for calculation. In the scenario you have stated, maximum profit that
Question: Tax treatment of a boxed trade? Answer: Here's how capital gains are totaled: Long and Short Term. Capital gains and losses are either long-term or short-term. It depends on
Question: how much of foreign exchange (forex/fx) "deep liquidity" is really just unbacked leverage and what is the effect? Answer: I'd think that liquidity and speed are prioritized (even over
Question: I thought student loans didn't have interest, or at least very low interest? [UK] Answer: From the description, you have a post-1998 income contingent loan. The interest rate on
Question: Minor stakes bought at a premium & valuation for target company Answer: Imagine that I own 10% of a company, and yesterday my portion was valued at $1 Million,
Question: Saving for retirement without employer sponsored plan Answer: I'm looking for ways to geared to save for retirement, not general investment. Many mutual fund companies offer a range of
Question: Is working on a W2 basis, with benefits paid to me, a good idea? Answer: It's hard to answer without knowing all of the details (i.e. what was your
Question: How can I get the most value from my employer's ESPP? Answer: A 15% discount is a 17.6% return. (100/85 = 1.176). For a holding period that's an average
Question: What is the best way to save money from inflation and currency devaluation? Answer: Devaluation is a relative term, so if you want to protect yourself against devaluation of
Question: Short term cutting losses in a long term investment Answer: What might make more sense is to 'capture' your losses. Sell out the funds you have, move into something
Question: Finding Uncorrelated Assets Answer: Have a look at: Diversify Portfolio. The site provides various tools all focused on correlation, diversification and portfolio construction. You can scan through every stock
Question: How can a school club collect money using credit cards? Answer: Large and small universities have procedures in place regarding the use of the universities name, logo, facilities, and
Question: Why don't people generally save more of their income? Answer: If one takes a slightly more expansive view of the word "saving" to include most forms of durable asset
Question: 22-year-old inherited 30k from 529 payout - what is the best way to invest? Answer: First, I applaud you for caring. Most people don't! In fact, I was in
Question: No-line-of-credit debit card? Answer: Having worked at a financial institution, this is a somewhat simple, two-part solution. 1) The lendor/vendor/financial institution simply turns off the overdraft protection in all
Question: Does an industry 'standard' have any affect on when a stock might split? Answer: You ask if Tesla being a car company should feel a pressure to split their
Question: Gift card fraud: To whom to report? How to recover funds? Is the party which issued me the card liable? Answer: Question 1: Who do I report such fraud
Question: Is it wise to invest small amounts of money short-term? Answer: You can expect about a 7% return when investing in the general market if your horizon is ten
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: Emergency funds are defined in terms of months of tightened-belt living -- that's according to the usual gurus such
Question: Definition of equity Answer: I was wondering why equity is reflecting ownership of the issuing entity? That is the definition of equity in this regard. My understanding is that
Question: Why can I see/trade VIX but not S&P/TSX 60 VIX? Answer: You can trade VXX, but VIX is only an index. http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/VXX?CountryCode=US
Question: How can I find out what factors are making a stock's price rise? Answer: When you look at the charts in Google Finance, they put the news on the
Question: An online casino owes me money and wants to pay with a wire transfer. Is this safe? Answer: I don't know which online casino we are talking about, but
Question: What is the process of getting your first share? Answer: I think I understand what you're trying to achieve. You just want to see how it "feels" to own
Question: Where are the non floated Groupon shares Answer: The original investors and founders own them. Think about it this way - When you hear that an IPO priced at
Question: Is there a way to buy raw oil today and sell it in 1 year time? Answer: Unless you have the storage and transportation facilities for it, or can
Question: Any reason to keep around my account with my old, 'big' bank? Answer: I'd add that bigger banks tend to have experience doing more complicated things. As an example,
Question: Warrant shares/UNIT Answer: A warrant is similar to a call option (the right to buy stock at a certain price), with the difference that warrants are filled by the
Question: Possible to purchase multiple securities on 1 transaction? Answer: No, this is not generally possible, as each security purchase is booked as a separate order => hence separate transaction.
Question: Differences in conditions on shares to private vs. public shareholders? Answer: Shares sold to private investors are sold using private contracts and do not adhere to the same level
Question: The Big Short - shorting vs CDS Answer: To be able to truly short something you technically need to be able to borrow the security so you can sell
Question: Can a company charge you for services never requested or received? Answer: No. A company cannot bill you for services you did not request nor receive. If they could,
Question: If I deposit money as cash does it count as direct deposit? Answer: Well, it's directly depositing money in your account, but Direct Deposit is something completely different: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_deposit
Question: Advice on strategy for when to sell Answer: It's impossibly difficult to time the market. Generally speaking, you should buy low and sell high. Picking 25% as an arbitrary
Question: What are the advantages and disadvantages of leasing out a property or part of a property (such as a basement apartment)? Answer: It doesn't make a lot of sense
Question: Stocks and Bankruptcy Answer: As Mhoran said, the risks of buying a bankrupt company are huge, and even successful bankruptcy turnarounds don't involve keeping the same stock. For instance,
Question: If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans? Answer: First off, high five on the paycheck. There are a few retirement issues to
Question: What are investment options for young married couple with no debt that have maxed out retirement savings? Answer: You can't max out your retirement savings. There are vehicles that
Question: Does an employee have the right to pay the federal and state taxes themselves instead of having employer doing it? Answer: No, even businesses pay taxes quarterly. So if
Question: Is buying and selling Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrency) legal for a student on F-1 Visa doing OPT in USA? Answer: Given your clarification that you re only intending to
Question: Difference between Vanguard sp500 UCITS and Vanguard sp500 Answer: The main difference is that VOO trades on US stock exchanges while VUSA/VUSD trade on the London Stock Exchange. (VUSA
Question: How to manage 20 residential apartments Answer: I have no idea about India, but in many countries there are companies that specialize in property management. This means they will
Question: Calculate time to reach investment goals given starting balance? Answer: Fairly straightforward to match the result from the calculator soup link. There is a formula to calculate n from
Question: Investing in the stock market during periods of high inflation Answer: The answer would depend on the equities held. Some can weather inflation better than others (such as companies
Question: Why do some people go through contortions to avoid paying taxes, yet spend money on expensive financial advice, high-interest loans, etc? Answer: The bank provides a service that the
Question: What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? Answer: Several, actually: Maintenance costs. As landlord, you are liable for maintaining the basic systems of the dwelling -
Question: In a house with shared ownership, if one person moves out and the other assumes mortgage, how do we determine who owns what share in the end? Answer: Let's
Question: How to compute for losses in an upside down trade-in of a financed car? Answer: I'm going to ignore your numbers to avoid spending the time to understand them.
Question: How does a lender compute equity requirement for PMI? Answer: Never ever use a giant monster mega bank for home loans. I am sure you probably didn't and they
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: I wouldn't pay down your mortgage faster until you have a huge emergency fund. Like two years' worth
Question: How should I value personal use television for donation? Answer: I used TurboTax last year. It had a section for donations where it figured out the amounts of the
Question: Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it's expired? Answer: Look up escheatment. Companies that have unclaimed property are supposed to
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: If you keep going over budget with your credit card, then stop using the
Question: Can a US bank prevent you from making early payments to the principal on a home mortgage? Answer: Many mortgages penalize early payment, and I assume it's possible to
Question: Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs? Answer: TIAA-Cref has their Social Choice Equity Fund, which is a Large Blend primarily equity fund that invests given the
Question: Should I use an NRE or NRO account to transfer money from India to the US? Any reports needed? Answer: NRE is better. It's a tax free account, exempt
Question: Abundance of Cash - What should I do? Answer: Since your 401k/IRA are maxed out and you don't need a 529 for kids, the next step is a plain
Question: How does a online only bank protect itself against fraud? Answer: I don't see why an online-only bank would need to do anything more against fraud than a bank
Question: Pension or Property: Should I invest in more properties, or in a pension? Answer: I think the real answer to your question here is diversification. You have some fear
Question: online personal finance software that I can host myself Answer: You can use www.mint.com for most of your requirements. It works great for me, it's free and I'd say
Question: Empirical performance data of ETFs and Mutual Funds tracking identical Indexes? Answer: Why don't you look at the actual funds and etfs in question rather than seeking a general
Question: Why is tax being paid on my salary multiple times? Answer: Your wages are an expense to your employer and are therefore 100% tax deductible in the business income.
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: The precise answer depends on the terms and conditions of the loan, and whether you can reasonably expect to meet
Question: Am I understanding buying options on stock correctly Answer: Options have legitimate uses as a way of hedging a bet, but in the hands of anyone but an expert
Question: Can I work with two or more mortgage brokers at the same time? Answer: Obviously mate. Mortgage advisors don't have just one client, similarly why should you have only
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: I keep one card just for monthly bills (power company,car loan, etc.). This one is unlikely to
Question: Does it make sense to trade my GOOGL shares for GOOG and pocket the difference? Answer: Too much fiddling with your portfolio if the difference is 3-4% or less
Question: I have savings and excess income. Is it time for me to find a financial advisor? Answer: Many of my friends said I should invest my money on stocks
Question: Non-EU student, living in Germany, working for a Swiss company - taxes? Answer: I'll assume that you would work as a regular (part-time) employee. In this case, you are
Question: Equity market inflow meaning Answer: Suppose I purchase $10,000 worth of a particular share today. If the person(s) I am purchasing the shares from paid $9,000 for those shares,
Question: Negative properties of continuously compounded returns Answer: You cannot use continuous compounding for returns less than or equal to 100% because a natural logarithm can only be taken for
Question: Scammer wants details and credentials for my empty & unused bank account. What could go wrong? Answer: First off, do not ever tell someone your password. Nobody who actually
Question: What is the tax treatment of scrip dividends in the UK? Answer: The HMRC website would explain it better to you. There is a lot of factors and conditions
Question: Has anyone created a documentary about folks who fail to save enough for retirement? Answer: To answer your question, Retirement Revolution may fit the bill to some extent. I'd
Question: Is it worth having a pension? Answer: On the face of it, it doesn't look like a very good deal - neither pension not annuity company are in it
Question: How to automate the tracking of ratios and other values for a set of stocks or ETFs? Answer: Spreadsheets need not be static, they can pull data from the
Question: Should the poor consider investing as a means to becoming rich? Answer: Given that a poor person probably has much less to invest, how can odds be in their
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: because the market price for good investment advice isn't that low.
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: As an FYI, working for a lending company, I can tell you many
Question: Do you avoid tax when taking a home equity loan? Answer: Why would someone invest in other instruments (e.g. stocks) to pay for childrens' college education when the capital
Question: Should I scale down my 401k? Answer: Because stock markets don't always go up, sometimes they go down. Sometimes they go way down. Between 2007 and 2009 the S&P
Question: Why is Google's current nasdaq market cap almost twice the current share price * the No. of shares outstanding? Answer: For each class A share (GOOGL) there's a class
Question: Why do US retirement funds typically have way more US assets than international assets? Answer: There are a few main economic reasons given why investors show a strong home
Question: Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees? Answer: I am not sure whether this hold in all countries, but at least in the Netherlands my bank allows
Question: How to invest Rs.10k in India Answer: Rs 10,000 is a small but good amount to begin with. I would suggest you start by investing in some good mutual
Question: What are some signs that the stock market might crash? Answer: There are some economic signs as there are in all economic and business cycles, such as interest rates
Question: CFD market makers: How is the price coupled to the underlying security? Answer: CFD providers typically offer CFDs to investors using either the direct market access (DMA) model or
Question: Is there any truth to the saying '99% of the world's millionaires have become rich by doing real estate'? Answer: I can name far more non-real estate millionaires than
Question: At what age should I start or stop saving money? Answer: As AskAboutGadgets notes, there's no lower age limit. You current age (24) is a pretty good one; you'll
Question: What is the most common and profitable investment for a good retirement in Australia? Answer: In Australia anyone thinking about retirement should be concentrating on superannuation. Contribution is compulsory
Question: Mortgage interest income tax deduction during year with a principal residence change Answer: Very simple. If it wasn't rented, it's deductible as a schedule A home mortgage interest. If
Question: Entering the stock market in a poor economy Answer: Well, you probably already know this, but no-one can guarantee you results...in any economic climate. Even traditionally low risk investments
Question: Can I pay off my credit card balance to free up available credit? Answer: Is it possible to pay off my balance more than once in a payment period
Question: Effect of Job Change on In-Progress Mortgage Application Answer: I just closed on a refi last week Thursday. The app went to the lender mid to late May. The
Question: Automatic investments for cheap Answer: Almost all major no-load mutual fund families allow you to do the kind of thing you are talking about, however you may need an
Question: Clear example of credit card balance 55 days interest-free "trick"? Answer: There are always little tricks you can play with your credit card. For example, the due date of
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: Earnings per share are not directly correlated to share price. NV Energy,
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: For the person being hired this is a tricky situation. Specially with the new laws. There is no
Question: Quote driven and order driven financial markets Answer: - In a quote driven market, must every investor trade with a market maker? In other words, two parties that are
Question: Credit and Debit Answer: In view of business, we have to book the entries. Business view, owner and business are different. When capital is invested in business by owner,
Question: Is buying a home a good idea? Answer: Once you paid it off, you don't pay rent anymore. That is the major advantage. Also, you can do any change
Question: Where can I find a company's earnings history for free? Answer: I was going to comment above, but I must have 50 reputation to comment. This is a question
Question: How could strike price for new shares be higher than the market price Answer: Berkshire Hathaway issues first ever-negative coupon security from back in 2002 had this part: The
Question: How to read Google Finance data on dividends Answer: However, you have to remember that not all dividends are paid quarterly. For example one stock I recently purchased has
Question: Creating a Limited company while still fully employed Answer: Can I apply for limited company now, while fully time employed, and not take any business until I get a
Question: Most effective Fundamental Analysis indicators for market entry Answer: Fundamental Analysis can be used to help you determine what to buy, but they won't give you an entry signal
Question: Why so much noise about USA's credit rating being lowered? Answer: Because US bonds have had the prior impression of absolute invincibility and safety that has helped the dollar
Question: Why would we need a "stop-limit order" for selling? Answer: An important thing that many people fail to realize is that the number of shares outstanding in a stock,
Question: What does the average log-return value of a stock mean? Answer: Log-returns are very commonly used in financial maths, especially quantitative finance. The important property is that they're symmetrical
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: You bought the stock at some point in the past. You must have
Question: Teaching school kids about money - what are the real life examples of math, budgeting, finance? Answer: I am a numbers guy, the math is great. Instead of "jane
Question: What happens to all of the options when they expire? Answer: Firstly "Most option traders don't want to actually buy or sell the underlying stock." THIS IS COMPLETELY UTTERLY
Question: How to properly do background check for future tenant in my own house? Answer: If you can find a tenant by networking -- co-worker, friend of a friend, etc.
Question: Is it bad practice to invest in stocks that fluctuate by single points throughout the day? Answer: Eventually, you'll end up buying a stock at or near a high-water
Question: How do share buybacks work? Answer: The short version of JB King's excellent answer is that the company will typically buy back shares from the open market at market
Question: Should I re-allocate my portfolio now or let it balance out over time? Answer: This depends completely on your investing goals. Typically when saving for retirement younger investors aim
Question: Should I continue to invest in an S&P 500 index fund? Answer: I would be very cautious about investing any more funds into the S&P500 at this stage. You
Question: What will happen to my shares if company delisted Answer: If they own enough shares to vote to sell, you will be paid the offer price quoted to you.
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: Using the card but paying it off entirely at each billing cycle is the only "Good" way to use a credit
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: There's really not a simple yes/no answer. It depends on whether you're doing short term
Question: What is the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price? Answer: You would think that share prices is just a reflection of how well the
Question: Any reason to be cautious of giving personal info to corporate fraud departments? Answer: I can't address the psychology of trust involved in your question, but here are some
Question: Where can I find out details about the actual network on which SWIFT banking works? Answer: The SWIFT network is federated. The connection routing is via country server to
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: Dogma always disappoints. The notion that an index fund is the end-all, be-all for investing because the expense ratios are low is
Question: How can I check my credit score? Answer: Assuming you are asking about a credit score in the United States, the following applies. To find out your FICO score,
Question: Does investing money in other currencies help pad losses in case of a stock market crash? Answer: If the equity market in the USA crashed, its very likely equity
Question: What is a "Subscription Rights Offering" of a stock one owns? Answer: After a company goes public, if it wants to raise more money, then it does this by
Question: Is there an online cost-basis calculator that automatically accounts for dividend re-investments and splits? Answer: Calculating and adjusting cost basis accurately is a daunting task, but there is a
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: so if we rent it out we don't want to just charge what we're paying on our
Question: If I have AD&D through my employer, should I STILL purchase term life insurance? Answer: It probably does make sense for you to buy term life insurance separate from
Question: What should I do about proxy statements? Answer: Whether or not you want to abstain or throw away the proxy, one reason it's important to at least read the
Question: How do top investors pull out 20% ROI? Answer: Buffet is able to do many things the average investor cannot do. For example: During the 2008 market crash Buffet
Question: looking for research tool to plug in and evaluate theoretical historical returns Answer: The professional financial advisors do have tools which will take a general description of a portfolio
Question: What is insider trading exactly? Answer: One scenario described in the original question -- a non-insider who trades after informal conversations with friends, where no insiders directly benefit from
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: You already got good answers on why you can't buy a
Question: Help! I've cancelled their service, but this company continues to bill my credit card an annual fee. What can I do? Answer: I'm not a lawyer, and am certainly
Question: How to decide if I should take my money with me or leave it invested in my home country? Answer: The key is whether you plan to stay in
Question: Started new job. Rollover previous employer 401k to new 401k, IRA or Roth IRA? Answer: You can't roll it over to a Roth IRA without tax penalties. The best
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: Other people have belabored the point that you will get a better rate on a 15 year mortgage,
Question: How can I help my friend change his saving habits? Answer: Budgeting is the key. Saying that you need to eat out less and cook more is good, but
Question: Proper etiquette for loans from friends Answer: The standard approach is to reach an agreement and put it in writing. What you agree upon is up to you, but
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: Many of the Financial intermediaries in the business, have extraordinary high requirements for opening an account.
Question: What does "check payable to" mean? Answer: They are basically asking for the name of the legal entity that they should write on the check. You, as a person,
Question: Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed? Answer: When you take the self employed health care deduction on on Line 29 of form 1040 for 2010 it also will lower
Question: Short or Long Term Capital Gains for Multiple Investments Answer: Tell your broker. You can usually opt to have certain positions be FIFO and others LIFO. Definitely possible with
Question: What's the average rate of return for some of the most mainstream index funds? Answer: This page from simplestockinvesting.com gives details of total returns for the S&P500 for each
Question: Any Ubiquitous Finance App That is on Mac, iOS and Windows? Answer: As I have said before on this site, I personally use Moneydance. They have Mac, Linux and
Question: Is it adventageous to expedite my wedding before the new year for tax savings? Answer: Yes on taxes. It depends on the other point. As you already see from
Question: What can make a stock price rise without good news or results? Answer: As a general principle the stock price on the stock market is controlled by an agreement
Question: Are 'no interest if paid in in x months' credit cards worth it? Answer: You can't buy it outright. You can't take the time to save up. if the
Question: Company stock listed in multiple exchanges? Answer: It doesn't matter which exchange a share was purchased through (or if it was even purchased on an exchange at all--physical share
Question: How to trade fundamentally good stocks over the short to medium term? Answer: Using Fundamental and Technical Analysis together is actually a good idea for longer term trading of
Question: Does material nonpublic information cover knowledge of unannounced products? Answer: There's the question whether knowledge about unannounced products is actually "material" if everyone (the public) knows that something new
Question: What is the best way to get a "rough" home appraisal prior to starting the refinance process? Answer: It's extremely easy to get a rough valuation of your home.
Question: Making higher payments on primary residence mortgage or rental? Answer: One advantage of paying down your primary residence is that you can refinance it later for 10-15 years when
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: hledger is a free software, cross-platform double-entry accounting tool I've been working on for a
Question: How to account for startup costs for an LLC from personal money? Answer: If you have a single member LLC there is no need to separate expenses in this
Question: What happens to all of the options when they expire? Answer: Options that are not worth exercising just expire. Options that are worth exercising are typically exercised automatically as
Question: What happens to 401(k) money that isn't used by the time the account holder dies? Answer: It goes to the beneficiaries, not necessarily the heirs. Taxation is a bit
Question: How to make use of EUR/USD fluctuations in my specific case? Answer: I would make this a comment but I am not allowed apparently. Unless your continent blows up,
Question: What is the best resource for determining a specific age-based asset allocation? Answer: Look into the asset allocations of lifecycle funds offered by a company like Vanguard. This page
Question: How can banks afford to offer credit card rewards? Answer: The banks don't have to pay for credit card rewards. The merchants end up footing the bill. The merchants
Question: Why is it important to research a stock before buying it? Answer: To a certain degree "the only sure thing I know is the price I paid for the
Question: Homeowners: How can you protect yourself from a financial worst-case scenario? Answer: I am lucky enough to have chosen a flexible mortgage that allows me to change payment amounts
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: There's also the option to put most of your stuff into storage and rent an apartment or
Question: How are shares used, and what are they, physically? Answer: Shares used to be paper documents, but these days they are more commonly held electronically instead, although this partly
Question: Why do car rental companies prefer/require credit over debit cards? Answer: Deposit on a Debit Card have a different effect, and many people don't understand it (and make a
Question: How is Los Angeles property tax calculated if a 50% owner later buys out the other 50%? Answer: When property changes hands the sale prices may or may not
Question: How can I calculate total return of stock with partial sale? Answer: There are many ways to calculate the return, and every way will give you a different results
Question: How much in cash equivalents should I keep in the bank? [duplicate] Answer: In personal finance circles this is called an Emergency Fund. There are many opinions about how
Question: In what state should I register my web-based LLC? Answer: In GA, LLC fees are $50 a year. Incorporating is a one time $100 fee. This information is current
Question: Is the stock market a zero-sum game? Answer: Suppose everybody stopped all economic activity right now. No more work for others, no payments, no trade in kind or otherwise.
Question: How to graph the market year over year? for example Dow Jones Index Answer: The graphing tools within Yahoo offer a decent level of adjustment. You can easily choose
Question: Are junk bonds advisable to be inside a bond portfolio that has the objective of generating stable income for a retiree? Answer: Junk Bonds (aka High Yield bonds) are
Question: Why do people use mortgages, when they could just pay for the house in full? Answer: A $100K house and $100K are not equivalent assets. Here's a hypothetical... You
Question: Can I deduct work equipment I am not required to purchase by my employer? Answer: No, you cannot. You can only deduct expenses that the employer required from you,
Question: Vanguard Mutual Funds  Diversification vs Share Class Answer: If I were in your shoes I'd probably take the Vanguard Total Market fund with Admiral shares, then worry about
Question: How can a person protect his savings against a country default? Answer: Since you are going to be experiencing a liquidity crisis that even owning physical gold wouldn't solve,
Question: Where Can The Fully Diluted Outstanding Shares Of A Company Be Found? Answer: You can calculate the fully diluted shares by comparing EPS vs diluted (adjusted) EPS as reported
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: Without providing direct investment advice, I can tell you that bond most assuredly are not recession-proof. All investments have risk, and
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: I'd consider this offer. Keep in mind, any time you write a check, there's the information he's asking for. If it
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: I tell you how I started as an investor: read the writings of probably the
Question: Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month? Answer: I don't use debit cards, but if I did I would review that portion of the statement.
Question: What drives the stock of bankrupt companies? Answer: With debts exceeding assets by a billion dollars, this activity likely comes from penny stock speculators and "pump and dump" schemers.
Question: How expensive is it to keep minimal cash at a brokerage? Answer: Losses at a brokerage firm due to fraud are insured up to $500,000 per account for securities
Question: How does Robinhood stock broker make money? Answer: Robinhood seems interesting. Some say it's a gimmicky site with a nice UI not an investing or trading platform. From investopedia:
Question: IRS "convenience of the employer" test when employee lives far from the office Answer: If your employer does not provide you with a place to work but nevertheless expects
Question: Advice for college student: Should I hire a financial adviser or just invest in index funds? Answer: Though @mehassee mentioned it in a comment, I would like to emphasize
Question: Best ISA alternative Answer: Your question is actually quite broad, so will try to split it into it's key parts: Yes, standard bank ISAs pay very poor rates of
Question: Opening American credit cards while residing in the UK Answer: To build a US credit record, you need a Social Security Number (SSN), which is now not available for
Question: How does investing in commodities/futures vary from stocks? Answer: As Dilip has pointed out in the comment, investing in commodities is to either delivery or Buy. Lets say you
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: The previous answers have raised very good points, but I believe one
Question: Questioning my Realtor Answer: My realtor told me that even though they're only asking for 1/2 the money and have excellent credit that the mortgage company may not lend
Question: online personal finance software that I can host myself Answer: I generally concur with your sentiments. mint.com has 'hack me' written all over it. I know of two major
Question: How does historical data get adjusted for dividends, exactly? Answer: If you download the historical data from Yahoo, you will see two different close prices. The one labeled 'Close'
Question: Can someone explain the Option Chain of AMD for me? Answer: The current price is $8.05. If you want the right to sell it to someone (put it to
Question: Are RSUs ever taxed as long term capital gains? Answer: I don't know the legal framework for RSUs, so I'm not sure what is mandatory and what is chosen
Question: Why having large capital is advantageous to trading Answer: It is a general truism but the reasons are that the rules change dramatically when you simply have more capital.
Question: Stochastic Oscillator for Financial Analysis Answer: While trading in stochastic I've understood, one needs reference (SMA/EMA/Bolinger Band and even RSI) to verify trade prior entering it. Stochastic is nothing
Question: Valuation Spreadsheet Answer: In general spreadsheets can do all of what you ask. Have a try of some online training like these to get started.
Question: How does a high share price benefit a company when it is raising funds? Answer: A private company say has 100 shares with single owner Mr X, now it
Question: Smartest Place to Put Tax Refund Answer: Welcome to Money.SE. Your question is similar to a number of others. The "How do I pay my debt down?" and "How
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: Generally, a polite decline. However, I have dealt with sales people who take first refusal as a
Question: How can I diversify investments across currencies in ISA? Answer: You have to check if the investment vehicle you are planning to buy is acceptable for ISA on a
Question: Why is early exercise generally not recommended for an in-the-money option? Answer: The crucial insight is that the alternative to early exercise of an American call is not necessarily
Question: Discussing stock and stock index movement: clarifying percentage vs. points? Answer: I think that the general public is conditioned to think more in terms of points rather than percentages,
Question: Canceling credit cards - insurance rate increase? Answer: You don't need to have a bunch of credit cards lying around; just a couple is fine. Get a "rewards" card
Question: devastated with our retirement money that we have left Answer: I'm going to discuss this, in general, as specific investment advice isn't allowed here. What type of account is
Question: How should I value personal use television for donation? Answer: IRS Pub 561 says you have to use fair market value. You cannot simply use a depreciated value. You
Question: Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon? Answer: The most likely explanation is that the calls are being bought as a part of a
Question: Couch Potato Portfolio for Europeans? Answer: The question is asking for a European equivalent of the so-called "Couch Potato" portfolio. "Couch Potato" portfolio is defined by the two URLs
Question: How to deal with the credit card debt from family member that has passed away? Answer: Debts do not inherit to the children. You are absolutely not liable for
Question: Are there good investment options to pay off student loans? Answer: What you're getting at is the same as investing with leverage. Usually this comes in the form in
Question: About dividend percentage Answer: Dividend prices are per share, so the amount that you get for a dividend is determined by the number of shares that you own and
Question: Stock Dividends & Splits: Are they always applied over night? Answer: I've never seen a dividend, split or other corporate action during the day, but I have seen trade
Question: How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing? Answer: The best way to find good quality is to check the garment tag: What kind of material is
Question: Can I fully deduct capital losses against discounted capital gains? Answer: The short answer is no - the CGT discount is only applied against your net capital gain. So
Question: Can banks deny that you've paid your loan? Answer: If the loan is for a car, or mortgage there is specific paperwork that is processed when the loan payments
Question: My previous and current employers both use Fidelity for 401(k). Does it make sense to rollover? Answer: I would check to see what the fee schedule is on your
Question: Received an unexpected cashiers check for over $2K from another state - is this some scam? Answer: This is so very much a scam. The accepted answer already tells
Question: How can I calculate total return of stock with partial sale? Answer: You have only sold 200 shares for $4.75 from those bought for $3.15. So your profit on
Question: Do I need to write the date on the back of a received check when depositing it? Answer: You do not need to write anything on the second line.
Question: What are the tax implications of dividends that I receive from stocks (equity) that I hold? Answer: Note the above is only for shares. There are different rules for
Question: How to motivate young people to save money Answer: As a 20 year old who has just started earning enough to save, I suggest showing them the different types
Question: Am I "cheating the system" by opening up a tiny account with a credit union and then immediately applying for a huge loan? Answer: Nope. Credit Unions are for
Question: What risks are there acting as a broker between PayPal and electronic bank transfers? Answer: Another reason to think it's a scam: fake paypal email notifications are a thing.
Question: What is a good size distribution for buying gold? Answer: You are really tangling up two questions here: Q1: Given I fear a dissolution of the Euro, is buying
Question: Video recommendation for stock market education Answer: In general I would recommend to stay away from any video from a successful trader, at least those that claim to share
Question: Is forward P/E calculated using current price(if yes, how useful is it)? Answer: P/E can use various estimates in its calculation as one could speculate about future P/E rations
Question: Are real estate prices memory-less? Answer: No, at least not with specific houses. When I bought my current house, our realtor looked at the previous selling price of this
Question: Online Return Policies Answer: If you paid by credit card, file a dispute with the credit card company. They will credit you the money immediately while they investigate. The
Question: How does delta of an option change with time if underlying price is constant? Answer: The question is always one of whether people think they can reliably predict that
Question: How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit? Answer: They might not have to open accounts at 12 bank because the
Question: Problems with Enterprise Value and better valuation techniques Answer: From Wikipedia: Usage Because EV is a capital structure-neutral metric, it is useful when comparing companies with diverse capital structures.
Question: Are marijuana based investments promising, or just another scam? Answer: Any advertisement for a "business opportunity" is nearly always a scam of some kind. In such deals, the seller
Question: How to file income tax returns for profits from ESPP stock? Answer: Consult a professional CA. For shares sold outside the Indian Stock Exchanges, these will be treated as
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: This is not a mistake. This is done for "Out of Network" providers, and mainly when the
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: I wouldn't advocate it, but one reason to pay a lower
Question: How to file tax for the sale of stocks from form 1099B? Answer: You can group your like-kind (same symbol, ST/LT) stock positions, just be sure that your totals
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: Why won't anyone just answer the original question? The question was not about opportunity cost or flexibility or
Question: Looking for a stock market simulation that's as close to the real thing as possible Answer: Thinkorswim's ThinkDesktop platform allows you to replay a previous market day if you
Question: What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A "sunk gain"? Answer: In the second example you are giving up future free cash flows in exchange for a capital
Question: How to protect a Stock you still want to own from a downturn? Answer: Adding on to all the fine answers, you can consider selling a covered call. You
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: Say we have stock XYZ that costs $50 this second. It doesn't cost XYZ this second. The market
Question: Understanding how this interpretation of kelly criterion helps the trader Answer: Three important things worth remembering about Kelly when applied to real world edges: 1) Full Kelly staking is
Question: What are the implications of a corporate stock repurchase or share buyback program? Answer: Ignoring taxes, a share repurchase has exactly the same effect on the company and the
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: I agree with JoeTaxpayer's answer. The question you should be asking is not "how do I spend
Question: How much is university projected to cost in Canada in 18 years? Answer: The College Board offers a calculator. (Targeted to US residents; not sure how the figures will
Question: Calculating the profit earned from a leveraged futures contract Answer: I'm not entirely sure about some of the details in your question, since I think you meant to use
Question: Economics of buy-to-let (investment) flats Answer: Seems like a bad deal to me. But before I get to that, a couple of points on your expenses: Onward. You value
Question: What's the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time? Answer: Surprised nobody has mentioned Freshbooks yet. It's lightweight, easy to use, and free for
Question: What is the purpose of the wash sale rule? Answer: Overall the question is one of a political nature. However, this component can have objective answers: "What behavior is
Question: What to do when paying for an empty office space? Answer: Generally speaking, yes, you're obliged to pay rent for the remainder of the lease term. But the landlord
Question: Money Structuring Answer: See "Structuring transactions to evade reporting requirement prohibited." You absolutely run the risk of the accusation of structuring. One can move money via check, direct transfer,
Question: How does LLC ownership work in relation to U.S. tax law? Answer: It really depends. If it is offered as compensation (ie in leiu of, or in addition to
Question: What evidence exists for claiming that you cannot beat the market? Answer: There seems to be a common sentiment that no investor can consistently beat the market on returns.
Question: Indicators a stock is part of a pump and dump scheme? Answer: Pump-and-dump scams are indeed very real, but the scale of a single scam isn't anywhere near the
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: It's tough to borrow fixed and invest risk free. That said, there are still some interesting investment
Question: Why do I see multiple trades of very small quantities? Answer: Or it could be a Robinhood user just messing around with their free commissions. I've seen "people that
Question: Advice on replacing my savings account Answer: Liquid cash (emergency, rainy day fund) should be safe from a loss in value. Mutual funds don't give you this, especially stock
Question: Any problem if I continuously spend my credit card more than normal people? Answer: How will going from 75% Credit Utilization to 0% Credit Utilization affect my credit score?
Question: Why aren't bond mutual funds seeing huge selloffs now? Answer: The Fed sets the overnight borrowing costs by setting its overnight target rate. The markets determine the rates at
Question: Taxes: Sold House this Year, Buying Next Year Answer: When you sell your primary residence, you are required to capitalize any loss or gain at that point; you do
Question: Does girlfriend have too much savings, time to invest? Answer: Congrats to your GF! "How much" depends a lot on how stable her income tends to be. If she
Question: Does the IRS give some help or leniency to first-time taxpayers? Answer: It might not be leniency for first time payers, but they do have programs, some federal some
Question: How to record "short premium" in double-entry accounting? Answer: Thanks for your reply. Im not familiar with the term "Held-For-Trading Security". My securities are generally held as collateral against
Question: Is there a way to set a stop for a stock before you own it? Answer: Yes it is possible, as long as the broker you use allows conditional
Question: How to find a reputable company to help sell a timeshare? Answer: You own something with very little market value - even if you paid a large price for
Question: How and why does the exchange rate of a currency change almost everyday? Answer: The basic idea is that money's worth is dependent on what it can be used
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: Paying down your mortgage saves lots of interest. With a long term mortgage you end up paying twice us
Question: Why are typical 401(k) plan fund choices so awful? Answer: 401k choices are awful because: The best remedy I have found is to roll over to an IRA when
Question: Is keeping track of your money and having a budget the same thing? Answer: The two are closely related. A budget is a detailed plan for how to spend.
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: Etiquette or not, it is hurting the seller.
Question: Finance options for a new furnace. Answer: You walk into the finance company with a written quote from the supplier for the equipment you want to buy. You then
Question: Effect of company issued options on share price Answer: The answer to your question as asked is no. Call options, even those issued by the company, cannot create new
Question: How much should a graduate student attempt to save? Answer: First, don't save anything in a tax sheltered vehicle. You will be paying so little tax that there will
Question: How can I pay for school to finish my degree when I can't get a student loan and have bad credit? Answer: Wesley gave a great answer and a
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: Can you afford to replace it? What does that mean? Even
Question: Which set of earnings is used to work out the P/E of a stock Answer: There are two common types of P/E ratio calculations: "trailing" and "forward" (and then
Question: Receiving partial payment of overseas loan/company purchase? Answer: Is it equity, or debt? Understanding the exact nature of one's investment (equity vs. debt) is critical. When one invests money
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: I am not sure how anyone is answering this unless they know what the loan was for.
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: The emphasis of "stop loss" is "stop", not "loss". Stop and long term are contradictory. After you stop,
Question: Should I start investing in property with $10,000 deposit and $35,000 annual wage Answer: You want to buy a house for $150,000. It may be possible to do this
Question: How to tell if an option is expensive Answer: One way is to compare the implied volatility with the realised volatility over a period similar to the time left
Question: Negatives to increased credit card spending limit? [duplicate] Answer: https://money.stackexchange.com/a/79252/41349 https://money.stackexchange.com/a/79261/41349 Adding to @Chris H answer about damage limitation Online purchases could include phone/tablet app purchases, which could be
Question: What are the tax implications if I do some work for a company for trade, rather than pay? Answer: Such activity is normally referred to as bartering income. From
Question: When are stock trade fees deducted? Answer: Typically the fees are charged when the order is executed. The only catch I have ever ran into is when an order
Question: How long do you have to live somewhere to be a resident for tax purposes? Answer: If you are going to be trying clever stuff with taxes in different
Question: Who could afford a higher annual deductible who couldn't afford a higher monthly payment? Answer: Your title question, Who could afford a higher premium who couldn't afford a higher
Question: Are online mortgage lenders as good as local brick-and-mortar ones? Answer: At least five of my co-workers are currently re-financing through Amerisave. Four have had a wonderful experience. The
Question: What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out? Answer: This investment strategy may have tax advantages. In some
Question: Calculate investment's interest rate to break-even insurance cost [duplicate] Answer: You are comparing a risk-free cost with a risky return. If you can tolerate that level of risk (the
Question: How much is inflation? Answer: There is a thing called the consumer price index (CPI) There is a basket of goods that the people who keep the index basically
Question: Investing in third world countries Answer: I strongly recommend you to invest in either stocks or bonds. Both markets have very strict regulations, and usually follow international standards of
Question: Should market based health insurance premiums be factored into 6 months emergency fund savings? Answer: Yes, you should budget some amount of your emergency fund for healthcare expenses. How
Question: Should I buy a house because Mortgage rates are low Answer: As of now in 2016, is is safe to assume that mortgage rates would/should not get back to
Question: What should I be doing to protect myself from identity theft? Answer: Every 90 days add an Initial Fraud Alert to each of the 3 major credit bureaus.
Question: is the bankruptcy of exchange markets possible? Answer: It might be easiest to think of stock exchanges like brokers. If you buy a home, and your broker goes bankrupt,
Question: Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor? Answer: I would start with The Intelligent Investor. It's more approachable than Security Analysis. I read
Question: can the government or debt collectors garnish money from any bank account to which the debtor has access? Answer: I agree with the comments so far. Access doesn't equal
Question: What happens with the "long" buyer of a stock when somebody else's short fails (that is, unlimited loss bankrupts short seller) Answer: Unless I am missing something subtle, nothing
Question: What taxes are assessed on distributions of an inherited IRA? Answer: You've been taking the RMDs. Each year the RMD is calculated by taking the prior 12/31 balance and
Question: How does UpWork allow US companies to make payments outside of the US? Answer: Permanent employees are the distinct opposite of contractors. Upwork can easily have business entities (limited
Question: Is Cost of Living overstated? Answer: after 30 years, you'd have a million dollar house vs a quarter million dollar house. You've captured three quarters of a million dollars
Question: How smart is it really to take out a loan right now? Answer: Are things getting better yet or are things still a mess? I have heard people say
Question: Which credit card is friendliest to merchants? Answer: Back when they started, Discover undercut Visa and Amex fees by about a point. This was also true when I worked
Question: When filing taxes in Canada, in what cases does box 39 on the T4 get reported as half of box 38? Answer: Apparently box 39 does not receive half
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: First of all, I have to recognize up front that my "spending personality" is
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: There are 2 maxims that help make sense of insurance: Following those 2 rules, "normal"
Question: When transferring money between two parties, under what circumstances is it considered taxable income? Answer: A loan is not a taxable income. Neither is a gift. Loans are repaid
Question: Why do people use mortgages, when they could just pay for the house in full? Answer: Good question. If a person has a choice, it is probably better to
Question: How does high frequency trading work if money isn't available for 2-3 days after selling? Answer: Margin accounts do not have the problem you are imagining, which is unique
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: If by "investment" you mean something that pays you money that you can spend, then no. But if you
Question: Can a merchant charge you more in the US if you want to use a credit card? Answer: I'm not sure about the laws in specific states. However it's
Question: Retirement & asset allocation of $30K for 30 year old single guy Answer: IMHO bonds are not a good investment at this present time, nor generally. Appreciate for a
Question: Closing a futures position Answer: Assuming these are standardized and regulated contracts, the short answer is yes. In your example, Trader A is short while Trader B is long.
Question: Where to find site with earnings calendar? Answer: Google finance will allow you to import earnings report dates directly to your Google calendar. See screenshot with calendar import button
Question: ETF S&P 500 with Reinvested Dividend Answer: Vanguard has low cost ETFs that track the S&P 500. The ticker is VOO, its expense ratio is 0.05%, which is pretty
Question: Does investing in a company support it? Answer: Would you consider the owner of a company to be supporting the company? If you buy stock in the company you
Question: Option Trading / Demo Account Answer: How would this trade behave IRL? I don't know how the simulation handles limit orders and bid/ask spreads to know it's feasible, but
Question: Why is tax loss harvesting helpful for passive investing? Answer: You also may want to consider how this interacts with the stepped up basis of estates. If you never
Question: Why do some people say a house "not an investment"? Answer: The below assessment is for primary residences as opposed to income properties. The truth is that with the
Question: What does inflation mean to me? Answer: Everyone buys different kinds of goods. For example I don't smoke tobacco so I'm not affected by increased tobacco prices. I also
Question: I'm in Australia. What should I look for in an online stock broker, for trading mostly on the ASX? Answer: OptionsXpress is good. I have used them for many
Question: Is the need to issue bonds a telltale sign that the company would have a hard time paying coupons? Answer: It (usually) is better to use Other Peoples Money
Question: Bond prices: Why is a high yield sometimes too good to be true? Answer: Looking at the list of bonds you listed, many of them are long dated. In
Question: Best way for for soon to turn 18 to learn about money? Answer: Excellent questions! Asking such questions indicates something special about yourself. The desire to learn and adjust
Question: Electric car lease or buy? Answer: The good news about maintenance is that there's much less scheduled maintenance because the cars are mechanically much simpler. See the official service
Question: Leasing a car I intend to buy Answer: What does not seem reasonable about your plan is the payment and buyout. While $200/month payments are possible (but hard to
Question: How to determine contractor hourly rate and employee salary equivalents? Answer: Take $100,000 base salary, x 1.5 = $150,000 contractor salary, divide by 1,872 hours = $80/hr
Question: ACH debit blocks/filters on consumer account Answer: The technical feature exists to (1)block all ACH activity, (2)block all ACH credits, or (3)block all ACH debits attempting to post to
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: I actually really like the way you positioned this question. If you love what you are doing every day, why would
Question: Stock trading models that use fundamental analysis, e.g. PEG ratios? Answer: One idea: If you came up with a model to calculate a "fair price range" for a stock,
Question: Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt? Answer: No. Unless you are ten Bill Gates rolled into one man, you can not
Question: What are investment options for young married couple with no debt that have maxed out retirement savings? Answer: Paying the mortgage down is no different than investing in a
Question: How can the ROE on a stock be more than 100%? Answer: A company's Return on Equity (ROE) is its net income divided by its shareholder's equity. The shareholder's
Question: Vanguard ETF vs mutual fund Answer: One reason is that it is not possible (at Vanguard and at many other brokerages) to auto-invest into ETFs. Because the ETF trades
Question: Is losing money in my 401K normal? Answer: Depends on how the money is invested within the 401k... but in general, prices move both up and down with a
Question: How to know which companies enter the stock market? Answer: Thanks to the other answers, I now know what to google for. Frankfurt Stock Exchange: http://en.boerse-frankfurt.de/equities/newissues London Stock Exchange:
Question: What is a typical investment portfolio made up of? Answer: Paying off the high-interest debt is a good first start. Paying interest, or compound interest on debt is like
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: +1 on all the answers above. You're in a great position and have the right attitude.
Question: Calculating pay off for credit card with multiple APRs Answer: @Joe's original answer and the example with proportionate application of the payment to the two balances is not quite
Question: To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards? Answer: You need to run a virus scan on your computers to make sure you do not
Question: How is stock price determined? Answer: Yes, stock price is determined by the last trade price. There are always going to be people who have put in a price
Question: How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford? Answer: My primary concerns. There seems to still be a fair bit of distressed property (forclosures etc) on the market
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: Yes, becoming a millionaire is a reasonable goal. Saving 15% of your income starting
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: A lot of these answers are really weak. The expected value is pretty much the
Question: Impact of EIN on taxation Answer: Is it possible if (After getting EIN) I change my LLC type (disregarded entity or C type or S type or corporation or
Question: Where should I park my rainy-day / emergency fund? Answer: First off, you generally want to park your emergency fund somewhere that is "safe", meaning something that is not
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: Ultimately, money derives its value from being spend on a good or service. Investing it is an
Question: Value of tokens bought at an older price Answer: You will make a profit in nominal dollars (or nominal units of whatever currency you used to buy the token).
Question: Will ADR owner enjoy same benefit as common shares holders Answer: One other issue you may face is when the company announces poor financial results and begins to tank,
Question: Sales Tax: Rounded Then Totaled or Totaled Then Rounded? Answer: Taxes should not be calculated at the item level. Taxes should be aggregated by tax group at the summary
Question: Why does BlackRock's XIN page show XIN as having only 1 holding? Answer: On BlackRock's XIN page under Key Facts it says the number of holdings as 1. Looking
Question: gift is taxable but is "loan" or "debt" taxable? Answer: If you are looking to transfer money to another person in the US, you can do do with no
Question: Can I add PMI to my principal balance when I take out a mortgage? Answer: There are few different types of MI you can choose from, they are: Borrower-Paid
Question: How does the world - in aggregate - generate a non-zero return? Answer: It appears that you have bought into the Communist lie. Milton Friedman lats it all out
Question: How does compounding of annual interest work? Answer: The general concept is that your money will grow at an accelerating rate because you start getting interest paid on your
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: Excellent Question! I agree with other repliers but there are some uneasy things with index funds. Since your view is death, I
Question: Get free option quotes Answer: A number of sites provide delayed option chains online. Yahoo Finance is one example: I linked to Apple's chain, but to get one yourself,
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: One risk not mentioned is that foreign stock might be thinly traded on your local stock market,
Question: Emerging markets index fund (VDMIX) for an inexperienced investor Answer: In this environment, I don't think that it is advisable to buy a broad emerging market fund. Why? "Emerging
Question: Rate of return of stock index Answer: The return from one day to the next is based on the Day's closing price. To be clear - opening prices can
Question: Is it wise to have plenty of current accounts in different banks? Answer: Its actually a good thing. The #1 factor to your credit score is your credit utilization.
Question: Are there special exceptions to the rule that (US) capital gains taxes are owed only when the gain materializes? Answer: This is really an extended comment on the last
Question: Will ADR owner enjoy same benefit as common shares holders Answer: As far as I know, with ADRs you're essentially trading by proxy -- a depository bank is holding
Question: Optimal term/number of months for car finance or lease? Answer: If you have the money to pay cash for the car. Then 0 months will save you the most
Question: Is it worth it to re-finance my car loan? Answer: Seems like a good deal to me. You are paying less interest over the lifetime of the loan. And
Question: Estimated Taxes after surge in income Answer: Well a definitive answer would require a lot of information. Instead of posting that kind of info online, you should take a
Question: Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices Answer: I would suggest that oil stocks are going down due to reduced earnings predictions. The market may go too far in
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: The advice to "Only invest what you can afford to lose" is good advice. Most people should have several pots of
Question: Home Renovations are expensive.. Should I only pay cash for them? Answer: I agree with MrChrister about first considering how necessary the renovations are (is it a nice-to-have, or
Question: Do I have to pay taxes on income from my website or profits? Answer: Not sure about the UK, but if it were in the US you need to
Question: Should I file taxes or Incorperate a personal project? Answer: I don't know what you mean by "claim for taxes," I think you mean pay taxes. I'm not sure
Question: High dividend stocks Answer: I had read a book about finance, and it had mentioned that you can gain big profits from investing in the best companies in the
Question: Withholding for unexpected Short-Term Capital Gains and Penalties Answer: The safe harbor provision is based on the tax you or the prior year. So in 2016 this helped you
Question: Ethics and investment Answer: There are a number of mutual funds which claim to be 'ethical'. Note that your definition of 'ethical' may not match theirs. This should be
Question: Where can I find accurate historical distribution data for mutual funds? Answer: I keep spreadsheets that verify each $ distribution versus the rate times number of shares owned. For
Question: Over how much time should I dollar-cost-average my bonus from cash into mutual funds? Answer: The OP invests a large amount of money each year (30-40k), and has significant
Question: Is there such a thing as a deposit-only bank account? Answer: I would suggest opening a bank account that you use to accept deposits only, and then get a
Question: If you own 1% of a company's stock, are you entitled to 1% of its assets? Answer: No. You're entitled to 1% of votes at the shareholders' meeting (unless
Question: Historical company performance data Answer: For free, 5 years is somewhat available, and 10 years is available to a limited extent on money.msn.com. Some are calculated for you. Gurufocus
Question: Renting or Buying an House Answer: I actually didn't do the math with your numbers, but I recall Sal from Khan Academy did a nice video about your question,
Question: What are the marks of poor investment advice? Answer: Proverbs 11:14 states: "For lack of guidance a nation falls, but many advisers make victory sure." Asking here is a
Question: GnuCash: expense tracking/amounts left under limits Answer: Yes. The simplest option to track your spending over time is to familiarize yourself with the "Reports" menu on the toolbar. Take
Question: Is there any truth to the saying '99% of the world's millionaires have become rich by doing real estate'? Answer: This quote has it almost backwards. Thomas J. Stanley's
Question: How to properly report income without 1099-MISC Answer: You are right that even if you do not receive a 1099-MISC, you still need to report all income to the
Question: Buying a foreclosed property Answer: Usually... I think that's overstating the case. You CAN get a bargain (especially if the place is in not-so-great condition), but not every foreclosure
Question: What happens if I just don't pay my student loans? Answer: Same thing as for any debt: bank sues you, you lose, you are in an even deeper hole
Question: How is the price of VXX determined? Answer: Generally, ETFs work on the basis that there exists a pair of values that can be taken at any moment in
Question: What is a better way for an American resident in a foreign country to file tax? Answer: If you live outside the US, then you probably need to deal
Question: What part of buying a house would make my net worth go down? Answer: Cosigning a loan for someone else will make net worth decrease, whether backed by security
Question: Is it a bad idea to invest a student loan? Answer: There will be many who will judge your proposal on the idea that subsidized loans should be available
Question: What happens to people without any retirement savings? Answer: Well, if you worked in the United States you have social security, and medicare and medicaid in most cases as
Question: Dividends and tax withholding for ETF vs Mutual Fund for U.S. Non-Resident Alien? Answer: Does my prior answer here to a slightly different question help at all? Are there
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: In the theater, it's a person who can afford to buy expensive pop corn, cause he can buy
Question: At Vanguard, can I transfer shares from regular investment account to a Roth IRA? Answer: Since you are paying taxes on the distributions from your mutual funds anyway, instead
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: Put Options for Kids: You have a big box of candy bars. You saved up your
Question: what is this type of stock trade? Answer: I think that pattern is impossible, since the attempt to apply the second half would seem to prevent executing the first.
Question: Events that cause major movement in forex? Answer: It's impossible to determine which event will cause a major shift for a certain currency pair. However, this does not mean
Question: Is it ever logical to not deposit to a matched 401(k) account? Answer: The other answers assumed student loan debt -- and for that, it's rarely worth it (unless
Question: Getting correlation from regression slope (Completely stumped) Answer: I just used the formula in below link and did some math. I have that book too but haven't looked at
Question: Recommendation for learning fundamental analysis? Answer: The Bible of fundamental analysis was written by Graham and Dodd, and is titled Security Analysis. If you don't know the name Benjamin
Question: How to withdraw money from currency account without having to lose so much to currency conversion? Answer: If I understand your question, you're misunderstanding the buy/sell spread, and at
Question: What are the fundamental levels that makes a Stock Ideal? (either to sell or buy) Answer: I look at the following ratios and how these ratios developed over time,
Question: What are some good books for learning stocks, bonds, derivatives e.t.c for beginner with a math background? Answer: Those are the three books that were considered fundamental at my
Question: Do I need to file taxes jointly with my girlfriend if we live together? Answer: If you pay her rent, how do you differ from a tenant in the
Question: Incorporating, issuing stock and evaluating it Answer: No. Mark-to-market valuation relies on using a competitive market of public traders to determine the share price --- from free-market trading among
Question: What is a "Junk Bond"? Answer: A "junk bond" is one that pays a high yield UP FRONT because there is a good chance that it could default. So
Question: Shorting versus selling to hedge risk Answer: If you already own shares in a company and sell some, you won't be short selling these shares if sold from the
Question: Will credit card payment from abroad be suspicious as taxable income? Answer: US bank deposits over $10K only need to be reported to FinCEN (Financial Crimes Enforcement Network- a
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: In most cases, a debit card can be charged like a credit card so
Question: How do insurance funds work? Answer: What is a 403b? A 403(b) plan is a tax-advantaged retirement savings plan available for public education organizations, some non-profit employers (only US
Question: stock option grant being cancelled because strike price greater than FMV and replaced with a new grant at a higher strike price Answer: What could the tax issues with
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: If the market has not crashed but you know it will, sell short or
Question: Changes in Capital Gains Tax in the US - Going to 20% in 2011? Answer: For the record, now that 2011 is here we know that the capital gains
Question: ESPP cost basis and taxes Answer: This answer fills in some of the details you are unsure about, since I'm further along than you. I bought the ESPP shares
Question: Options vs Stocks which is more profitable Answer: The first thing that I learned the hard way (by trying my hand at actual options trading) is that liquidity matters.
Question: Saving money in college while paying for college Answer: I wouldn't recommend trying to chase a good return on this money. I'd just put it into a savings account
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: My observations is that this seems like hardly enough to kill inflation. Is he right? Or are there better
Question: What are the pros and cons of buying an item on installments with zero percent interest? Answer: I personally take the zero percent financing plans any day. I have
Question: Offer Price for my stock not shown on quote and a subsequent sale higher than my offer Answer: Many exchanges trade the same securities. An order may be posted
Question: Why does a long/purchased call option have a long position in the option itself? Answer: If it helps you to think about it, long is equivalent to betting for
Question: What are the differences between an investment mortgage and a personal mortgage? Answer: It's just a guess, as I'm from the UK and am unfamiliar with the term "investment"
Question: Wife sent to collections for ticket she paid ten years ago Answer: I had this happen to me with parking ticket when I was still in school. The tickets
Question: Can one get a house mortgage without buying a house? Answer: Not unless you have something else to put up as collateral. The bank wants a basic assurance that
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: In the UK, recent changes to pension taxation mean that from April 2011, people earning between 150,000 and
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: I don't know what you program during the day, but you could always try your
Question: ESPP strategy - Sell right away or hold? Answer: A general rule of thumb is to avoid having more than 5% of your investments in any single stock, to
Question: Does the Fed keeping interest rates low stimulate investment in the stock market and other investments? Answer: Investopedia has this note where you'd want the contrapositive point: The interest
Question: Calculate investment's interest rate to break-even insurance cost [duplicate] Answer: I wouldn't call it apples and oranges. This is literally an opportunity cost calculation. You can safely assume S&P500
Question: 2 401k's and a SEP-IRA Answer: question #2 - yes, 25% of your 1099 income. Good idea. It adds up quickly and is a good way to reduce taxable
Question: Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why? Answer: Here's my thoughts on the subject:
Question: Why is the buy price different from the sell price of a stock? [duplicate] Answer: This is called the Ask-Bid Spread. The difference varies based on the liquidly of
Question: Ask for credit decrease Answer: I agree with JoeTaxpayer that you will be better off in the end if you can just not use your card you are better
Question: Short-sell, or try to rent out? Answer: A short sale will be pretty bad for your credit report. It will linger for 7 years. This may ruin your opportunity
Question: What happened to Home Depot's Stock in 1988? Answer: It's got to be a bad chunk of data on Google. Yahoo finance does not show that anomaly for 1988,
Question: Can I negotiate a 0% transaction fee with my credit card company? Answer: There is nothing called free lunch. The 2% fee indirectly covers the cost of funds and
Question: Dad paying for my new home in cash. How can I buy the house from him? Answer: You have four basic options.
Question: Why won't my retirement account let me write a "covered put"? Answer: A "covered put" of the form of being short, and buying at the strike price if the
Question: What's a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada? Answer: CashBase has a web app, an iPhone app and an Android app, all sync'ed
Question: Using credit cards online: is it safe? Answer: So, my questions: Are payment cards provide sufficient security now? Yes. If so, how is that achieved? Depending on your country's
Question: Dalbar: How can the average investor lose money? Answer: How is it possible for the average investor to underperform the market? The "average" investor probably makes some bad decisions.
Question: Schwab wants to charge me interest on the money I received for selling TSLA short Answer: Brokers have the right to charge interest on any stock that they lend
Question: Why do banks encourage me to use online bill payment? Answer: The paper check method also allows the bank to use your money while the check is in the
Question: Personal Tax Return software for Linux? Answer: TurboTax online works via Firefox (i.e. it is a cloud-based service.) I don't think any downloaded software is available directly for Linux.
Question: Definitions of leverage and of leverage factor Answer: Your original example is a little confusing because just shorting for 1k and buying for 1k is 100% leveraged or an
Question: Pay off car or use money for down payment Answer: The best thing to do is pay off the car. Adding more variables to a negotiation with a car
Question: $200k in an IRA, unallocated. What's the safest investment? Answer: Define "risk-sensitive": The point is, define Your risk, and your choices will narrow. Some investors worry more about what
Question: Calculate Estimated Tax on Hobby Business LLC Answer: I assume your employer does standard withholding? Then what you need to do is figure what bracket that puts you in
Question: Must ETF companies match an investor's amount invested in an ETF? Answer: The point here is actually about banks, or is in reference to banks. They expect you know
Question: How to stress test an investment plan? Answer: Here are a few things I've already done, and others reading this for their own use may want to try. It
Question: How to amend an amended return? Answer: File a 2nd amended return that corrects the mistake I made on the 1st amended return This. Pay the $500 before April
Question: Buy home and leverage roommates, or split rent? Answer: Mixing friendship and money, whether that's loans or landlording, is risky. Often things work out, but sometimes the unexpected happens,
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: Another explanation is that they keep your money three days to make money with it, because
Question: Why are the banks and their customers in the United States still using checks? [duplicate] Answer: Check use is declining here too, but it still has some practical advantages
Question: Foreign Earned Income Exclusion - Service vs. Product? Answer: Even though you will meet the physical presence test, you cannot claim the FEIE because your tax home will remain
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: The definition of insurance is the transfer of risk. Thus, you're paying for transferring of a risk (of an item/property) to the insurer (carrier), so
Question: How should I prepare for the next financial crisis? Answer: Your asset mix should reflect your own risk tolerance. Whatever the ideal answer to your question, it requires you
Question: How can a school club collect money using credit cards? Answer: You should check with the Office of Student Affairs (or equivalent) at your University to see if you
Question: Should I give to charity by check or credit card? Answer: In the US, if it's a large donation to a tax-exempt organization (401c3 or equivalent), you may want
Question: Brent crude vs. USD market value Answer: It's standard to price oil in US$. That means that if the US$ gets stronger, the prices of oil drops even if
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: The collapse of the US economic system is one of the many things I am preparing for. To
Question: Why do most banks in Canada charge monthly fee? Answer: The other answers in this thread do a fine job of explaining the economic situation that banks are in.
Question: Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again? Answer: If you're wealthy why do you think they wouldn't sue you for the money you owed?? And,
Question: Typically how many digits are in a cheque number? Answer: Checks are normally numbered sequentially, to keep them unique for record-keeping purposes. The check number takes as many digits
Question: Are services provided to Google employees taxed as income or in any way? Answer: Is this right? The example is slightly off. Google would be running a cafeteria that
Question: What are some sources of information on dividend schedules and amounts? Answer: I second the Yahoo! Finance key stats suggestion, but I like Morningstar even better: http://quote.morningstar.com/stock/s.aspx?t=roic They show
Question: Which is the better strategy for buying stocks monthly? Answer: To optimize your return on investment, you need to buy low and sell high. If you knew that one
Question: Why would a tender offer be less than the market price? Answer: Rational shareholders wouldn't accept such an offer. The company making the offer is simply trying to get
Question: Does a growing economy mean the economy is becoming less efficient? Answer: Growth and efficiency can occur independently of each other. For instance, if an economy consists of one
Question: What should I consider when factoring fluctuating exchange rates into risk/return of overseas stock trading? Answer: Which of these two factors is likely to be more significant? There is
Question: Setting a trailing stop loss at $39.70 bid price, stock sold at $41 Answer: There could be a number of reasons: The price hit your number ($39.70) but by
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: I don't carry cash at all unless I
Question: Can Professional Certifications be written off in taxes? Answer: There are a number of federal tax deductions and credits available for education expenses. They are too numerous to describe
Question: Indian equivalent of Vanguard S&P 500 Answer: Also, when they mean SP500 fund - it means that fund which invests in the top 500 companies in the SP Index,
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: A while back I sold cars for a living. Over the course of 4 years I worked for 3 different dealerships. I
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: Just one more thing to consider: a friend
Question: I'm 20 and starting to build up for my mortgage downpayment, where should I put my money for optimal growth? Answer: The highest growth for an investment has historically
Question: How do I find a legitimate, premium credit repair service? Answer: Just a word of warning: Most of the companies that promise to repair your credit are scams or
Question: Do market shares exhaust? Answer: If the share is listed on a stock exchange that creates liquidity and orderly sales with specialist market makers, such as the NYSE, there
Question: Why would a company have 2 listings on the same exchange? Answer: A company can issue different kinds of shares. For example, some kinds of shares may get preference
Question: At what damage amount should I pursue a homeowner's insurance claim? Answer: Some builders -- if given the first chance to deal with the problem, instead of being presented
Question: If I use stock as collateral for a loan and I default, does the bank pay taxes when they sell my stock? Answer: The short answer is that the
Question: How are exchange rates decided for each country? Answer: Today the rates are arrived simply on the basis of demand and supply. Historically rates were pegged to Gold, when
Question: Can someone explain how government bonds work? Answer: The short of it is that bonds are valued based on a fundamental concept of finance called the "time value of
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: My bank's bill payment system saves nothing more than writer's cramp and stamps. When
Question: Is technical analysis based on some underlying factors in the market or do they work simply because other people use them? Answer: Technical Analysis assumes that the only relevant
Question: Covered calls: How to handle this trade? Answer: You are NOT responsible for liquidating the position. You will either end up retaining your 100 sh. after expiration, or they
Question: How do historically low interest rates affect real estate prices? Answer: The article John cites says no correlation, but this chart from the article says otherwise; One sees the
Question: Buy home and leverage roommates, or split rent? Answer: ...instead of all of us draining our money into a landlord... Instead, you are suggesting that still everyone (except you)
Question: Paying for things on credit and immediately paying them off: any help for credit rating? Answer: The biggest risk is Credit Utilization rate. If you have a total of
Question: Wardrobe: To Update or Not? How-to without breaking the bank Answer: The way I handle clothing purchases, is I save a little bit with each paycheck but don't commit
Question: Ideas for patenting/selling a trading strategy Answer: If you have a great technical trading system that gets you winning trading 80-85% of the time in backtesting, the question should
Question: Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? Answer: Warren Buffett pointed out that if you set 1 million monkeys to flipping coins, after
Question: what is the meaning of allowing FDI in Insurance and pension funds Answer: Insurance in India is offered by Private companies as well [ICICI, Maxbupa, SBI, Max and tons
Question: I might use a credit card convenience check. What should I consider? Answer: Read the terms carefully. With promotional offers, if you do anything "bad", the promotion is terminated
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: Mainly because they can. Yes, there is a cost for banks to execute such transactions, and yes, there
Question: What choices should I consider for investing money that I will need in two years? Answer: Never invest money you need in the short term. As already suggested, park
Question: Taxes paid in USA for sending money to parents in India Answer: I'm not certain about international transfers, but that amount is large enough that it could be subject
Question: Clarification on student expenses - To file the tax for the next year Answer: Assuming here that you're talking about deducting your tuition as a below the line deduction
Question: Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets? Answer: From what I have read from O'Neil to Van Tharp, etc, etc, no one can pick winners
Question: Insurance for a house which is not homeowners insurance? Answer: What you need will depend on a number of factors that aren't clear from the question. This coverage is
Question: What purchases, not counting real estate, will help me increase my cash flow? Answer: You can increase your monthly cash flow in two ways: It's really that simple. I'd
Question: For the first time in my life, I'm going to be making real moneywhat should I do with it? Answer: Fool's 13 steps to invest is a good starting
Question: Where to invest, that compounds interest more than annual? Answer: Securities (things you can buy on the stock market) that pay dividends usually pay every quarter (every three months),
Question: Are the AARP benefits and discounts worth the yearly membership cost? Answer: Note: this answer was provided when the question was only about Life Insurance, therefore it does not
Question: NYSE vs. Nasdaq - can I tell what exchange a ticker traded on, based solely on the ticker? Answer: Things are in fact more complicated. It really depends what
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: Invest in other currencies and assets that have "real" value. And personally I don't count gold as something
Question: Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation Answer: Like everybody else I'm picking up on the school loans - you're mother isn't exactly earning a massive amount of money
Question: Cheapest way to "wire" money in an Australian bank account to a person in England, while I'm in Laos? Answer: You could use paypal to transfer money. You can
Question: Tax implications of diversification Answer: If so, are there ways to reduce the amount of taxes owed? Given that it's currently December, I suppose I could sell half of
Question: What rules govern when a new option series is issued? Answer: The CBOE Rule Book, Section 5.5 explains exactly what programmes are available, how and when they will start
Question: What are the advantages/disadvantages of a self-directed IRA? Answer: The main advantage and disadvantage I can see in a scenario like this are - how savvy and good an
Question: Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage? Answer: If you owe money to someone else then you are in debt, at least in the common meaning
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: If they don't spoil, you can still get some marginal benefit if buying in bulk means
Question: Saving for retirement without employer sponsored plan Answer: You might consider working on getting your new employer to sponsor a 401k, there may be options where you can invest
Question: When the market crashes, should I sell bonds and buy equities for the inevitable recovery? Answer: When the market moves significantly, you should rebalance your investments to maintain the
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: We've had everything in one pot almost from day one of marriage. The key ingredients to making
Question: What's a good free checking account? Answer: Here's a hack for getting the "free" checking that requires direct deposit. Some effort to set up, but once everything is in
Question: If I own x% of company A, and A buys company B, do I own x% of B? Answer: No, thanks to the principle of corporate personhood. The legal
Question: What does the settlement date of short interest mean? Answer: At the bottom of the page you linked to, NASDAQ provides a link to this page on nasdaqtrader.com, which
Question: Recovering over-contribution to Social Security between two employers? Answer: This is a common occurrence when somebody has multiple jobs in one year. The employer can't know if you have
Question: what is difference between stock and dividend? Answer: From Wikipedia - Stock: The stock (also capital stock) of a corporation constitutes the equity stake of its owners. It represents
Question: Is this understanding of S-corp taxes correct? Answer: I think you're misunderstanding how S-Corp works. Here are some pointers: I suggest you talk with a EA/CPA licensed in your
Question: Mitigate Effects Of Credit With Tangible Money Answer: Genius answer: Don't spend more than you make. Pay off your outstanding debts. Put plenty away towards savings so that you
Question: Do ETF dividends make up for fees? Answer: It depends. Dividends and fees are usually unrelated. If the ETF holds a lot of stocks which pay significant dividends (e.g.
Question: What would a stock be worth if dividends did not exist? [duplicate] Answer: As a thought experiment I suppose we can ask where dividends came from and what would
Question: Reporting software subscriptions Answer: Generally prepaid services should be capitalized over the period prepaid. But if it is up to a year - you can just expense them. As
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: Did you receive a summons, or other notice of proceedings, from the court which granted the judgement? If
Question: Remote jobs and incidental wage costs: What do I have to consider? Answer: In the US we have social security taxes, where for a full time employee the company
Question: How is the actual trade on exchanges processed for simple stock orders? Answer: The simple answer is, there are many ways for trades to take place. Some systems use
Question: Is it possible to borrow money to invest in a foreign country? Answer: Most likely, this will not work they way you think. First things first, to get a
Question: NYSE vs. Nasdaq - can I tell what exchange a ticker traded on, based solely on the ticker? Answer: You cannot determine this solely by the ticker length. However,
Question: Idea for getting rich using computers to track stocks Answer: There are many ways to trade. Rules based trading is practiced by professionals. You can indeed create a rule
Question: Brokerage account for charity Answer: I don't understand the logic in the other answer, and I think it doesn't make sense, so here is my take: You pay taxes
Question: How to calculate ownership for property with a partner Answer: i would recommend that you establish a landlord/tenant relationship instead of joint ownership (ie 100% ownership stake for one
Question: Why do sole proprietors in India generally use a current account? Answer: No. Current account is not a requirement. You can use savings account. You would need to pay
Question: Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit? Answer: In addition to the already good answers: I am assuming you are playing a long game and
Question: How do third-party banks issue car loans? Answer: I have had it two way now: I got pre-approval from my credit union which just so happened to be one
Question: How are option contracts enforced? Answer: By their agreements with the central counterparty - in the US, the exchange or the Options Clearing Corporation, which interposes itself between the
Question: Ordering from Canada, charged in CAD or USD? Answer: Typically, businesses always charge their 'home' currency, so if the shop is in Canada, you will pay Canadian Dollars. Normally
Question: Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance? Answer: I am in a very similar situation as you (software engineer, high disposable income). Maximize your
Question: CD interest rate US vs abroad, is there a catch? Answer: I think your approach of looking exclusively at USD deposits is a prudent one. Here are my responses
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: I can't answer the question if you should or shouldn't get a credit card; after all, you seem to manage fine without
Question: Received a call to collect on a 17 year old, charged off debt. What do I do? Answer: There are statutes of limitations on how long they can wait
Question: When people say 'Interest rates are at all time low!"  Which interest rate are they actually referring to? Answer: As Sean pointed out they usually mean LIBOR or
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: Banks should be risk averse by default. They
Question: Can we estimate the impact of a large buy order on the share price? Answer: Orders large enough to buy down the current Bid and Ask Book are common.
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: Step one: Contact the collection agency. Tell them that they have the wrong person, and the same name
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: (Disclosure - I am a real estate agent, involved with houses to buy/sell, but much activity in rentals) I got a call from a man
Question: How do i get into investing stocks [duplicate] Answer: Everything that I'm saying presumes that you're young, and won't need your money back for 20+ years, and that you're
Question: How does Portfolio Turnover affect my investment? Answer: may result in more taxes when Fund shares are held in a taxable account. When the fund manager decides to sell
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: Considering that we are in a low-interest rate period (the lowest in history), it's smart to loan money
Question: How will a 1099 work with an existing W-2? Answer: You can do either a 1099 or a W-2. There is no limitations to the number of W-2s one
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: Picking yourself is just what all the fund managers are trying to do, and history shows that the majority
Question: How do cashier's checks work and why are they good for scams? Answer: Ok, few things to understand first: Secondly, think about the way a scam usually flows. A
Question: Is selling put options an advisable strategy for a retiree to generate stable income? Answer: I am close to retirement and sell cash secured puts and covered calls on
Question: Entering the stock market in a poor economy Answer: If you have a long enough time horizon, investing in the stock market while in a bad economy can turn
Question: What does "interest rates", without any further context, generically refer to? Answer: It refers to the risk free rate of a particular country. Because all other rates are usually
Question: Why would a bank need to accept deposits from private clients if it can just borrow from the Federal Reserve? Answer: They don't need to accept deposits from normal
Question: Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating? Answer: Unless the amounts involved are very small, it is MUCH better to incorporate. First, incorporation gives you
Question: Do algorithmic trading platforms typically have live-data access to stock data? Answer: Algorithmic trading doesn't necessarily require live feeds. It is a very generic term describing trading based on
Question: How does the yield on my investments stack up against other investors? Answer: Generally S&P 500 will be used as the benchmark for US investors because it represents how's
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: Gold can be thought of to have value in one of two ways; (1) as a means and (2) as an end. Means
Question: How does the Pension system work in Poland? Answer: Pretty simple actually. This is a state-run defined benefit plan, where the benefit is calculated based on the length of
Question: Working Capital Definition Answer: As you say, if you delay paying your bills, your liabilities will increase. Like say your bills total $10,000 per month. If you normally pay
Question: Free/open source Unix software that pulls info from all my banks/brokers/credit cards? Answer: Buxfer is a personal-finance web app which you might like. It's not open-source. But at least
Question: Investing in dividend-yielding stocks with money borrowed from margin account? Answer: You can use long-term options called LEAPS to increase dividend yield. Here's how it works: Let's say you
Question: What is a Master Limited Partnership (MLP) & how is it different from plain stock? Answer: My question is: absent the corporate shield, to what extent are partners liable
Question: Any good software for value investment? Answer: As @littleadv and @DumbCoder point out in their comments above, Bloomberg Terminal is expensive for individual investors. If you are looking for
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Stock has value to the buyer even if it does not currently pay dividends, since
Question: First Job, should I save or invest? Answer: Congrats on your first real job! Save as much as your can while keeping yourself (relatively) comfortable. As to where to
Question: Good/Bad idea to have an ETF that encompasses another Answer: Let's simplify things by assuming you only own 2 stocks. By owning VOO and VTI, you're overweight on large-
Question: Do Square credit card readers allow for personal use? Answer: Yes. From their TOS: "By creating a Square Account, you confirm that you are either a legal resident of
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: It's possible the recipient of the payment is not setup to receive
Question: Is an ITM option bought/sold to close in addition to being assigned? Answer: The option is exercised. The option is converted into shares. That is an optional condition in
Question: Calculating Future Value: Initial deposit and recurring deposits of a fixed but different Value Answer: Illustrating with a shorter example: Suppose I deposit 1,000 USD. Every year I deposit
Question: 22-year-old inherited 30k from 529 payout - what is the best way to invest? Answer: Many people have provided very good answers to this question and all the answers
Question: Missing opportunity cost of mortgage prepayment Answer: I agree with Joe that you seem to have your stuff together. However I can't disagree more otherwise. You are getting a
Question: Buy tires and keep car for 12-36 months, or replace car now? Answer: Would you buy this used car, in its current condition but with new tires, for the
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: There's plenty of advice out there about how to set up a
Question: Recommended education path for a future individual investor? Answer: For a job doing that kind of stuff, what is PREFERRED is 4 year undergrad at ivy league school +
Question: What would be the signs of a bubble in silver? Answer: The problem with commodities is that they don't produce income. With a stock or bond, even if you
Question: What is 'consolidating' debt and why do people do it? Answer: With the scenario that you laid out (ie. 5% and 10% loans), it makes no sense at all.
Question: historical data for analysing pensions Answer: You could use any of various financial APIs (e.g., Yahoo finance) to get prices of some reference stock and bond index funds. That
Question: What is the daily rebalanced leverage ratio that is ideal for the S&P 500 based on past performance? Answer: The reason that UltraLong funds and the like are bad
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: Current Money users may want to take a look at this: http://sites.google.com/site/pocketsense/home/msmoneyfixp1 Pretty easy (and
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: If something in any transaction in lifefinancial or otherwisedoesnt make you feel comfortable and the choice is between saving money with one thing
Question: How does one interpret financial data for stocks listed on multiple exchanges? Answer: First and foremost you need to be aware of what you are comparing. In this case,
Question: How long does it take for money to transfer into a mastercard? Answer: In a nutshell, as long as they (Sparkasse) choose to. I work with banks where it
Question: Steps and timing of the SEIS investment (in the UK) Answer: You make the investment in Jan 2016. Assuming the SEIS certificate is issued before 5th April 2016, then
Question: Credit report - Not able to establish identity Answer: The suggestion may be very delayed, have you personally gone to the Experian Office with all the documentation (in xerox
Question: Why is it rational to pay out a dividend? Answer: It comes down to the practical value of paying dividends. The investor can continually receive a stream of income
Question: Single employee - paying for health insurance premiums with pre-tax money Answer: Pre tax insurance is not possible unless the emplyer provides hsa and do a payroll deduction. Obamacare
Question: What's the smartest way to invest money gifted to a child? Answer: CDs pay less than the going rate so that the banks can earn money. Investing is risky
Question: Can I force him to pay? Answer: Its best to seek a lawyer, but it is unlikely you can force him to pay. You probably know couples, that are
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Get an advanced degree. This should increase your earning power. Also learn
Question: Search index futures in Yahoo Finance or Google Finance Answer: Yahoo finance does in fact have futures quotes. But I've found them difficult to search for because you also
Question: Is it worth having a pension? Answer: Paying someone to look after your money always costs something - it doesn't matter whether you're inside a pension or not. Fees
Question: Would I qualify for a USDA loan? Answer: If you even qualify for a no-down payment USDA loan, which I'm not sure you would. It would be extremely risky
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: This situation, wanting desperately to have access to an investment vehicle in a 401K, but it not
Question: What are the pros and cons of buying an item on installments with zero percent interest? Answer: If (and only if) there is a zero interest installment plan available,
Question: How does one's personal credit history affect one's own company's credit rating? Answer: For a newly registered business, you'll be using your "personal" credit score to get the credit.
Question: Is it possible for me to keep my credit card APR at 0% permanently? Answer: Banks don't care that you are responsible cardholder. They care to make money. Interest
Question: Are there extra fees for a PayPal Premier account? Answer: Summary: the fees used to differ but no longer do. Fees are the same. If you have a personal
Question: What is the name of inverse of synergy? (finance) Answer: You could call it "multiple streams of income" a la Robert Allen and others. Or you could call it
Question: How do I go about finding an honest & ethical financial advisor? Answer: You want a fee-only advisor. He charges like an architect or plumber: by the hour or
Question: Can my broker lock my cash account if I try to use the money from a stock sale during the three-day settlement period? Answer: Here's how this works in
Question: Insider Trading? Answer: I am a flight attendant on a private jet and I hear a bank CEO discussing a merger or a buyout. I proceed to purchase that
Question: Can I pay off my credit card balance to free up available credit? Answer: The card you have is one where you had to deposit an amount equivelent to
Question: How should I be investing in bonds as part of a diversified portfolio? Answer: For most people, you don't want individual bonds. Unless you are investing very significant amounts
Question: What is this type of risk-free investment called? Answer: This sounds a lot like an Equity-indexed Annuity. They date from about 1996 (there is a bit of skepticism about
Question: Might I need a credit score to rent, or for any other non-borrowing finances? Answer: Typically one wants to see a credit score, just because you may have money
Question: What are dividends, when are they paid, and how do they affect my position? Answer: Dividends can also be automatically reinvested in your stock holding through a DRIP plan
Question: Smart to buy a house in college? Answer: People have lost money buying houses in good to great neighborhoods. It's a pretty large red flag that you state this
Question: Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns? Answer: To be honest, I think a lot of people on
Question: Why does a long/purchased call option have a long position in the option itself? Answer: Being long the call is being long the option. The call is a type
Question: Indian citizen working from India as freelancer for U.S.-based company. How to report the income & pay tax in India? Answer: There is no reason for you to open
Question: 3-year horizon before trading up to next home: put windfall in savings, or pay off mortgage? Answer: You may have to both save your windfall in a savings account
Question: Are REIT worth it and is it a good option to generate passive income for a while? Answer: Other individuals answered how owning an REIT compares to an individual
Question: Why are big companies like Apple or Google not included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index? Answer: Traditionally, the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) was only comprised
Question: Investing Account Options Answer: Immediately move your Roth IRA out of Edward Jones and into a discount broker like Scottrade, Ameritrade, Fidelity, Vanguard, Schwab, or E-Trade. Edward Jones will
Question: Paid part of my state refund back last year; now must declare the initial amount as income? Answer: If you get 1099-G for state tax refund, you need to
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: It's definitely NOT a good idea to pay off one of the smaller
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: My answer is that when confronted with the obvious, the most common human reaction is to seek reasons for
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Securities change in prices. You can buy ten 10'000 share of a stock for $1
Question: FOK order type: can they be market or limit orders? Answer: You can do FOK on both market and limit orders. Normal market orders will partial fill if you
Question: Does a 1045 exchange require any filing prior to that years tax return? Answer: When you get into reading Revenue Rulings and Treasury Regulations - I'd suggest hiring a
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: As others have stated, it will be very difficult for you to turn your friend around. He
Question: Why are there many small banks and more banks in the U.S.? Answer: As an addendum to PeterK's answer, once upon a time, there were many Savings and Loan
Question: Electric car lease or buy? Answer: There are some who argue that you should lease an electric car. These factors are in addition to all the normal pros and
Question: Why do moving average acts as support and resistance? Answer: As you point out, the moving average is just MA(k)t = (Pt-1 +  + Pt-k )/k and is
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: I agree with the advice given, but I'll add another angle from which to look at it. It sounds like you are
Question: Why companies appear in several stock exchanges? Answer: The case you are looking at is rather special, because the Chinese government for the longest time did not allow foreigners
Question: How to safely exit a falling security? Answer: If the stock is below its purchase price, there is no way to exit the position immediately without taking losses. Since
Question: What drives the stock of bankrupt companies? Answer: What drives the stock of bankrupt companies? Such stock is typically considered "distressed assets". Technically, what drives it is what drives
Question: Make your money work for you Answer: In addition to the other excellent answers here, check out Mr. Money Mustache's site, it's based in the US but the basics
Question: How do day-traders or frequent traders handle their taxes? Answer: There are two ways to handle this. The first is that the better brokers, such as Charles Schwab, will
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: First, make sure you have some money in a savings account that you can use instead of credit cards for
Question: What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why? Answer: It's all about risk. These guidelines were all developed based on the risk characteristics of the
Question: what are the pros and cons of structured deposits? Answer: With reference to the UK: Structured deposits should not be confused with structured products. Structured deposits are often, quite
Question: Should I keep most of my banking, credit, and investment accounts at the same bank? Answer: http://www.fdic.gov/deposit/deposits/index.html FDIC currently insures up to $250,000. (I would have put that as
Question: What does the phrase "To make your first million" mean? Answer: When people are crowing about their achievements, they often take liberties with those achievements. Vitalik's interpretation -- net
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: Uh, Quicken is virtually identical to MS Money. If you liked money and don't want
Question: Are there special exceptions to the rule that (US) capital gains taxes are owed only when the gain materializes? Answer: Normally, you don't pay capital gains tax until you
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: Did you read Soichiro Honda's biography? He is the founder of Honda Motor.
Question: Why doesn't the emerging markets index reflect GDP growth? Answer: GDP being a measurement for an economy's growth and with the stock market being driven (mostly) by company profits
Question: Is a car loan bad debt? Answer: The good debt/bad debt paradigm only applies if you are considering this as a pure investment situation and not factoring in: A
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: Investment is very uncertain, so I believe that unless you have loads of money, you should not
Question: How do I go about finding an honest & ethical financial advisor? Answer: If your financial needs aren't complex, and mostly limited to portfolio management, consider looking into the
Question: What will my taxes be as self employed? Answer: Whether you're self-employed or not, knowing exactly how much tax you will pay is not always an easy task. Various
Question: Is there an investment account where I can owe taxes only if the net of capital gain and dividend payment is positive? Answer: No such account exists as capital
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: Your problem is one that has challenged many people. As you said there are two
Question: What are the options for a 19-year-old college student who only has about $1000? Answer: At that sum, it essentially doesn't matter what you do, unless you just want
Question: Taking Losses To Save On Tax Answer: As Dilip said, if you want actual concrete, based in tax law, answers, please add the country (and if applicable, state) where
Question: Does the currency exchange rate contain any additional information at all? Answer: Relative changes in rates are significant. Why? Exchange rates encourage cross-border trade. For example, I live in
Question: Transfering money from NRE to saving account is taxable or not Answer: There are quite a few things here; Edit: If you are away for 2.5 Years, you are
Question: Does longterm investment in index funds still make sense in a reality of massive algotrading? Answer: There is a difference between trading which is short term focussed and investing
Question: US Bank placing a hold on funds from my paycheck deposit: Why does that make sense? Answer: It is possible that they only do the hold on the first
Question: Merrill Lynch historical stock prices - where to find? Answer: You could try asking Merrill Lynch, (general inquiries) :- http://www.ml.com/index.asp?id=7695_114042 So far I only found a few graphics :-
Question: In the event of a corporate spin-off, how can I calculate the correct cost basis for each company's shares? Answer: Having all of the numbers you posted is a
Question: Saving tax for long term stock investment capital gain by quiting my current job? Answer: The capital gain is counted as part of your income. So with a million
Question: What are the advantages/disadvantages of a self-directed IRA? Answer: This type of account will sell you just enough rope to hang yourself. Gold is at $1400 or so. Were
Question: Pay off car or use money for down payment Answer: Option 2. Selling the car yourself will give you the best value, especially if you can get its full
Question: Retirement formula for annual compound interest with changing principal Answer: The equation is the same one used for mortgage amortization. You first want to calculate the PV (present value)
Question: Investing thought experiment Answer: The market cap always reflect the company's equity. Except that you cannot fix a stock price in a free market. A company with such profit
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: Money is a token that you can trade to other people for favors. Debt is
Question: What does "interest rates", without any further context, generically refer to? Answer: In the United States, if someone refers to the "interest rate", especially if heard on news or
Question: How should I distribute my savings? Answer: You need to track all of your expenses first, inventarize all of your assets and liabilities, and set financial goals. For example,
Question: Help stuck in a bad first time loan! Answer: I think the part of your question about not wanting to "mess up more" is the most important element. You
Question: Potential phishing scam? Answer: Call your bank and inquire if they send out the kinds of notices like the one you received. Don't call the number in the message,
Question: Why would a bank take a lower all cash offer versus a higher offer via conventional lending? Answer: One other point to consider is that cash offers often include
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: At 1.4 Million, you can definately afford a professional advisor who would give you the best advice taking into account all
Question: Facebook buying WhatsApp for 19 Billion. How are existing shareholders affected? Answer: Of course it is a dilution of existing shareholders. When you buy milk in the supermarket -
Question: Why charge gross receipts taxes to the customer? Answer: the state of New Mexico provides guidance in this exact situation. On page 4: Gross receipts DOES NOT include: Example:
Question: Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met? Answer: If you're a customer, TD Ameritrade has a really robust alerting system.
Question: Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? Answer: No, 90% of investors do not lose money. 90% or even larger percentage of "traders" lose money. Staying
Question: How is yahoo finance P/E Ratio TTM calculated? Answer: P/E is Price divided by Earnings Per Share (EPS). P/E TTM is Price divided by the actual EPS earned over
Question: How to see a portfolio's overall profit or loss on Yahoo Finance? Answer: The steps that I could imagine following:
Question: Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash? Answer: So, you have $100k to invest, want a low-maintenance investment, and personal finance bores you to death. Oooohhh, investment companies
Question: How to calculate how much a large stock position is really worth? Answer: I don't have a formula for anything like this, but it is important to note that
Question: What is a checking account and how does it work? Answer: A checking account is one that permits the account holder to write demand drafts (checks), which can be
Question: Buying a home without a Real Estate Agent - Who should I get to do the paperwork? Answer: Whether or not you use a real estate agent, at some
Question: Does the bid/ask concept exist in dealer markets? Answer: The Auction Market is where investors such you and me, as well as Market Makers, buy and sell securities. The
Question: How to decide on split between large/mid/small cap on 401(k) and how often rebalance Answer: It's a trade-off. The answer depends on your risk tolerance. Seeking higher rewards demands
Question: Solid reading/literature for investment/retirement/income taxes? Answer: For the mechanices/terms of stock investing, I recommend Learn to Earn by Peter Lynch. I also like The Little Book of Common Sense
Question: Should I invest in my house, when it's in my wife's name? Answer: The best answer to this question will depend on you and your wife. What is 'fair'
Question: What are the differences between gold/siver "coin" vs. "round"? Answer: Coins are legal tender. They're authorized by governments and have a face value. Rounds are simply coined pieces of
Question: What is the valuation of a company based on? Answer: The textbook answer would be "assets-liabilities+present discounted value of all future profit". A&L is usually simple (if a company
Question: In which country can I set up a small company so that I pay a lower rate of corporate tax? Answer: Grass is always greener at the other side
Question: Confirm Dividend Yield Answer: Is my math correct? The Math is correct, however Dividends don't work this way. The Yield is Post Facto. i.e. Given the dividend that is
Question: If I want a Credit Card offered through a different Credit Union should I slowly transition my banking to that CU? Answer: As has been stated, you don't need
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: What would be the consequences if they do realize their error some day in the far future?
Question: Is it a gift or not? Answer: There are a few things that this question prompts -
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: Properties do in fact devaluate every year for several reasons. One of the reasons is that an old
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: Put options are contracts to sell. You pay me a fee for the right to put
Question: How to rescue my money from negative interest? Answer: In Switzerland you should have access to many brokers with fair rates, e.g. Interactive Brokers. Going through them you then
Question: What should I do with the 50k I have sitting in a European bank? Answer: You can do many things: Risk free: Risk of losing:
Question: Tax on Stocks or ETF's Answer: No, not really. This depends on the situation and the taxing jurisdiction. Different countries have different laws, and some countries have different laws
Question: Can I use FOREX markets to exchange cash? Answer: As far as I understand, OP seems to be literally asking: "why, regarding the various contracts on various exchanges (CBE,
Question: What's the fuss about Credit Score / History? Answer: Your credit score, for better or worse, is increasingly about more than just getting loans. For example insurance companies can
Question: Which tax year does a bonus fall under? Answer: From HMRC Note that the rule is when a person becomes entitled to payment of earnings. This is not necessarily
Question: Are stock prices likely drop off a little bit on a given friday afternoon? Answer: There are classes of 'traders' who close their positions out every evening, not just
Question: Is it a good investment for a foreigner to purchase a flat/apartment in China? Answer: I think a greater problem would be the protection of your property right. China
Question: What is high trading volume in a stock indicative of? Is high liquidity a good thing or a bad thing? Answer: High liquidity doesn't necessarily mean that "everybody is
Question: How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock? Answer: There is Free employer money on both sides of the tax fence for some
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: Simple Schwaab does not have actually your securities they have leased them out and have to
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: I've seen this approach to buying/funding cars described in a couple of different ways over the years. Random thoughts:
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: Prices reflect all available information. (Efficient markets hypothesis) A lot can
Question: Could the loan officer deny me even if I have the money as a first time home buyer? Answer: My credentials: I used to work on mortgages, about 5
Question: How will I pay for college? Answer: You sound like you're well educated, well spoken, and resourceful, so I'm going to assume that you are somewhere in the neighborhood
Question: Does this sound like a great idea regarding being a landlord and starting a real estate empire? Answer: This is a common and good game-plan to learn valuable life
Question: Car financed at 24.90%  what can I do? Answer: If you are a subprime borrower, that may not be an unreasonable rate given the risk they are accepting.
Question: property owned 50/50 between my brother and me Answer: Not sure what you are talking about. The house isn't part of a business so neither of you can deduct
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: Emergency funds have a very specific and obvious benefit; you'll have money sitting around in case
Question: How can I judge loan availability? Answer: It sounds like your current loan is in your name. As such, you are responsible for paying it. Not your family, you.
Question: Should I get a personal loan to pay on my mortgage to go "above water" to qualify for a refinance? Answer: It depends on how long it will take
Question: When to hire an investment professional? Answer: Lifecycle funds might be a suitable fit for you. Lifecycle funds (aka "target date funds") are a mutual fund that invests your
Question: What are the alternatives to compound interest for a Muslim? Answer: Because so many businesses make some money through some form of compound interest, like a business that saves
Question: Personal finance web service with account syncing in Germany Answer: As much as I know StarMoney has also a web service for banking.
Question: Currently a Microsoft Money user on PC, need a replacement suitable for Mac Answer: I switched from Quicken for Mac to Moneydance, and have not regretted it. I see
Question: How can I deposit a check made out to my business into my personal account? Answer: If you sign the check "For Deposit Only", the bank will put it
Question: Comprehensive tutorial on double-entry personal finance? Answer: The GnuCash tutorial has some basics on double entry accounting: http://www.gnucash.org/docs/v1.8/C/gnucash-guide/basics_accounting1.html#basics_accountingdouble2
Question: Helping girlfriend accelerate credit score improvement Answer: This is an all too common problem and is not easy to resolve. Divorce agreements do not alter prior mortgage contracts. Most
Question: Tax On Unsold Mined Bitcoin Answer: Based on my research, the answer is both. You would pay taxes on the bitcoin you mine as income, and then capital gains
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: I have used Quicken for over 10 years. It has always provided the information I
Question: What is high trading volume in a stock indicative of? Is high liquidity a good thing or a bad thing? Answer: In general, there should be a "liquidity premium"
Question: How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading? Answer: In fact, buybacks WERE often considered a vehicle for insider trading, especially prior to 1982. For instance, Prior to the
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: There are some people that still get an old-fashioned paycheck but for the most part if you are an employee at
Question: Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home? Answer: The banks figure that they'll get 80% of the value of
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: If the child can take over the life insurance
Question: Can I sell my ESPP in a different order than I acquired it, to avoid paying too much tax on profits? Answer: That's up to you. If you instruct
Question: Is there a good tool to view a stock portfolio's value as a graph? Answer: Google Finance will do all the bullet points in your list and a few
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: Generally, paying down your mortgage is a bad idea. Mortgages have very low interest rates and the interest
Question: Dalbar: How can the average investor lose money? Answer: It appears that there's a confusion between the different types of average. Saying "the average investor" generally means the most
Question: Considering buying a house in town with few major employers (economic stability) Answer: BLUF: Continue renting, and work toward financial independence, you can always buy later if your situation
Question: What benefits do "title search companies" have over physically visiting a land records offices? Answer: Title agencies perform several things: Research the title for defects. You may not know
Question: LLC Partnership Earned Income vs. Partnership Share Answer: Why would you file four K-1s for each partner? You file one K-1 per partner, on which you report the total
Question: Can a CEO short his own company? Answer: If we take only the title of the question "can the CEO short the stock": It was probably different before Enron,
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: Money Manager Ex PROS: CONS
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I don't know of a situation where rejecting a raise would make sense. Often, one can be in
Question: Can mortgage insurance replace PMI? Answer: PMI IS Mortgage insurance. It stands for "Private Mortgage Insurance". This guy is just trying to get you to buy it from him
Question: Has anyone heard of Peerstreet? Answer: (Disclosure - PeerStreet was at FinCon, a financial blogger conference I attended last month. I had the chance to briefly meet a couple
Question: Selling on eBay without PayPal? Answer: One option might be to set up a separate bank account and a separate credit card account, which you would use only for
Question: How can I get the car refinanced under my name if my girlfriend signed for the loan? Answer: Your best bet would be to add your name to the
Question: Are personal finance / money management classes taught in high school, anywhere? Answer: We had a "civics" class when I was a freshman in high school. This was in
Question: What is a "fiat" currency? Are there other types of currency? Answer: fiat in Latin means "let it be" or "let it happen" - as in "fiat lux!" meaning
Question: Why Demat/Stock Market Brokers don't support Credit Card Payin Answer: Most credit cards allow you to take "cash advances", but the fees and limits for cash advances are different
Question: How does one typically exit (close out) a large, in-the-money long put option position? Answer: You are long the puts. By exercising them you force the underlying stock to
Question: I'm self-employed with my own LLC. How should I pay myself, given my situation? Answer: You're conflating LLC with Corporation. They're different animals. LLC does not have "S" or
Question: Deducting business expenses paid for by gift card Answer: To quote the answer you linked to: Perhaps the simplest way to think about this is you can only deduct
Question: How should I prepare for the next financial crisis? Answer: A somewhat provocative (but not unserious) proposal: Rent, don't buy a house to live in. In 2007/8, the thing
Question: How can a person with really bad credit history rent decent housing? Answer: Here's some ideas: Hope that helps.
Question: Short-term robots and long-term investors in the stock market Answer: ....causes loses [sic] to others. Someone sells you a stock. The seller receives cash. You receive a stock certificate.
Question: How can a company charge a closed credit card? Answer: Wow, I had never heard of this before but I looked into it a bit and Mikey was spot
Question: Organizing Expenses/Income/Personal Finance Documents (Paperless Office) Answer: If you're curious, here are my goals behind this silly madness You said it... The last two words, I mean...:-) If you're
Question: How to protect myself against unauthorized recurring CC charges? Answer: The bank SHOULD be able to issue you a new card without letting vendors roll over the recurring payments.
Question: Why does Yahoo! Finance report different prices for the same index? Answer: Are you sure you're using the same date range? If you're using Max, then you're not, as
Question: Are services provided to Google employees taxed as income or in any way? Answer: Others have pointed out that many benefits offered by employers "for free" are actually taxed;
Question: Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt? Answer: At its heart, I think the best spirit of "donation" is helping others less
Question: If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money? Answer: In principle, a default will have no effect on your bank account. But if
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: I would lean towards making a smaller down payment and hanging onto savings for flexibility. Questions to think about: If you have enough cash
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: Advice from a long-time flipper You negotiate price based on four factors and none of these are set in stone:
Question: What makes a Company's Stock prices go up or down? Answer: It's been said before, but to repeat succinctly, a company's current share price is no more or less
Question: What is "beta" for an investment or a portfolio, and how do I use it? Answer: I don't think either of these answers are accurate. A beta of 0
Question: Is foreign stock considered more risky than local stock and why? Answer: If you intend to be responsive to news and intraday price moves, for foreign stocks these will
Question: Little hazy on how the entire RSU's and etrade works Answer: (I'm assuming the tag of United-states is accurate) Yes, the remaining amount is tax free -- at the
Question: What is the meaning of "writing put options"? Answer: Apple closed Friday 9/23 at $403.40. This is what the Puts look like, note the 2013 expiration. (The rest is
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: You should look at the opportunity cost for your money (i.e.
Question: Why are prices in EUR for consumer items often the same number as original USD price, but the GBP price applies the actual exchange rate? Answer: The simplest answer
Question: Why do 10 year Treasury bond yields affect mortgage interest rates? Answer: Youve really got three or four questions going here and its clear that a gap in understanding
Question: How can I spend less? Answer: One things about psychology - people spend more money when its an abstract concept instead of having cold, hard cash. What does this
Question: Accounting for splits in a stock price graph Answer: One way that is common is to show the value over time of an initial investment, say $10,000. The advantage
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: If you're tending toward stocks because you have a long time horizon, you're looking at them for the
Question: Why do put option prices go higher when the underlying stock tanks (drops)? Answer: When you buy a put on a stock, you buy the right to sell the
Question: Separate bank account for security deposit from tenant Answer: Per Md. REAL PROPERTY Code Ann.  8-203: (d) (1) (i) The landlord shall maintain all security deposits in federally
Question: What foreign exchange rate is used for foreign credit card and bank transactions? Answer: On Credit Cards [I am assuming you have a Visa or Master card], the RBI
Question: How does a financial advisor choose debt funds and equity funds for us? Answer: A financial advisor is a service professional. It is his/her job to do things for
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: This particular topic has probably been beaten to death already. But from the other comments, it seems
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: It could be a sunk cost. If you buy 5 gallons of vegetable oil it costs
Question: How are mortgage payments decided? [duplicate] Answer: It has nothing to do with forcing people to pay off their debt; in that case it would make better sense to
Question: Does a SIM only cell phone contract help credit rating? Answer: I have never seen any of my mobile phone providers report any data to any credit agency. They
Question: Why have I never seen a stock split? Answer: Are you sure you're not just looking at prices that are adjusted for the split, e.g. Yahoo? For example, Gilead
Question: Where can publicly traded profits go but to shareholders via dividends? Answer: Apart from investing in their own infrastructure, profits can be spent purchasing other companies, (Mergers and Acquisitions)
Question: Company wants to sell all of its assets, worth more than share price? Answer: The stock exchange here serves as a meeting place for current shareholders who want to
Question: Why doesnt every company and individual use tax-havens to pay less taxes? Answer: However, if you are employed by a company that exists in a tax haven and your
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: I know your "pain". But don't worry about investing the money right now -- leave it
Question: Identity theft? Answer: Assuming you live in the US, it is quite normal when you are applying for a loan that the application will ask you to confirm your
Question: What could a malicious party potentially achieve by having *just* a name, account number, and sort code? Answer: I disagree with Dumbcoder's response. Setting up a DD is not
Question: Does a market maker sell (buy) at a bid or ask price? Answer: The everyday investor buys at the ask and sells at the bid but the market maker
Question: Why would a company sell debt in order to buy back shares and/or pay dividends? Answer: There is a substantial likelihood over the next several years that the US
Question: When is it better to rent and when is better buy in a certain property market? Answer: The Motley Fool suggested a good rule of thumb in one of
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: Best Linux software is PostBooks. It is full double entry, but there is definitely a learning curve. For platform-agnostic, my favorite is Xero, which is
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: Be sure to consider the difference between Roth 401K and standard 401K. The Roth 401K
Question: Following an investment guru a good idea? Answer: The best answer here is "maybe, but probably not". A few quick reasons: Its not a bad idea to watch other
Question: What are some ways to mitigate the risks of covered calls? Answer: If the position starts losing money as soon as it is put on, then I would close
Question: Why naked call writing is risky compare to Covered call? Answer: A covered call risks the disparity between the purchase price and the potential forced or "called" sale price
Question: Why invest in IRA while a low-cost index fund is much simpler? Answer: Is that basically it? Trading off between withdrawing-anytime vs paying-capital-gain-tax? No. Another significant factor is dividends.
Question: Prices go up and salary doesn't: where goes delta? Answer: Salaries normally shouldn't fluctuate with inflation and deflation... Inflation prevents consumers from spending (prices get too high), ultimately taking
Question: To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards? Answer: First thing to do when you notice a credit card fraud is to call the respective
Question: Tax withheld by USA working in UK (Form 1042-S and Form 1099) Answer: The shares are "imputed income" / payment in kind. You worked in the UK, but are
Question: For a major expensive home renovation (e.g. addition, finished basement, or new kitchen) should one pay cash or finance with a loan? Would such a loan be "good" debt?
Question: What does HMRC (the UK tax agency) view as valid expenses for travel? Answer: Food is almost never a valid expense. Reason for it is simple - if you
Question: What is a "closed-end fund"? How is a closed-end fund different from a typical mutual fund? Answer: A closed-end fund is a collective investment scheme that is closed to
Question: Previous owner of my home wants to buy it back but the property's value is less than my loan what to do? Answer: It's a short sale. See these
Question: Rolled over husband's 401(k) to IRA after his death. Can I deduct a loss since? Answer: First: In most cases when you inherit stocks the cost basis is stepped
Question: Death and Capital Gains Taxes (United States) Answer: Stocks (among other property) currently is allowed a "stepped-up basis" when valuing for estate tax purpose. From the US IRS web
Question: Are capitalization rate and net profit margin the same thing? Answer: Both of these terms do refer to your profit; they're just different ways of evaluating it. First, your
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: I think it's a silly statement. If you are prepared from the start that you might lose it then you shouldn't
Question: ACH processing time of day Answer: Each bank is different, so your question needs to be more specific. For instance, I believe Paypal and Chase settles at 7pm EST
Question: Why does a ETN that is supposed to track Crude Oil like UWTI show constant decline every year? And am I an idiot for investing in it? Answer: This
Question: What effect would sovereign default of a European country have on personal debt or a mortgage? Answer: Patrick, This article points out three likely effects (direct and indirect) sovereign
Question: Why does a stock's price fluctuate so often, even when fresh news isn't available? Answer: News about a company is not the only thing that affects its stock's price.
Question: Where do expense ratios show up on my statement? Answer: I don't think that you'll notice a difference in the NAV in a fund with fees that are low
Question: Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance? Answer: I've found Pragmatic Capitalism very helpful.
Question: Short term cutting losses in a long term investment Answer: What you are suggesting would be the correct strategy, if you knew exactly when the market was going to
Question: What is the point of owning a stock without dividends if it cannot be resold? Answer: Shares often come associated with a set of rights, such as ability to
Question: Rate of change of beta Answer: This is a useful metric in that it gives you a trust factor on how reliable the beta is for future expectations It
Question: High credit utilization, some high interest - but credit score not overly bad. How to attack debt in this situation? Answer: You need to pay off the entire balance
Question: How important is reconciling accounts for a small LLC (Quickbooks)? Answer: I would suggest opening a new account (credit card and bank) for just your business. This protects you
Question: What's a good way to find someone locally to help me with my investments? Answer: Dave Ramsey has a list of ELPs (Endorsed Local Providers) of which I've only
Question: How can online trading platforms be trustworthly? Answer: Most investors vote with their wallets. I expect ZERO glitches from a trading platform. If someone was actually causing trades to
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: The only real consideration I would give to paying off the debt as slowly as possible is if inflation were much higher
Question: Consolidate my debt? Higher APR, but what does that actually mean? Answer: No. It means each month the total amount you owe goes up by a factor of (1+0.298/12).
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: It depends on the bank - In some cases(mine included :) ) the
Question: Will a stop order get triggered if the floor is hit and trading is halted? Answer: quantycuenta is right, if a halt is in place, then no trading will
Question: Why do stocks go up? Is it due to companies performing well, or what else? [duplicate] Answer: The same applies if you were looking for a business to buy:
Question: How does a Non US citizen gain SEC Accredited Investor Status? Answer: Here are the SEC requirements: The federal securities laws define the term accredited investor in Rule 501
Question: Is an analyst's "price target" assumed to be for 12 months out? Answer: Most commonly, unless you read 'fair value target price,' an analyst's target price is a 12-month
Question: Protecting savings from exceptional taxes Answer: Don't worry. The Cyprus situation could only occur because those banks were paying interest rates well above EU market rates, and the government
Question: Why can't a US state default, but a EU state can? Answer: US or EU states are sovereigns which cannot go bankrupt. US states have defaulted in the 1840's,
Question: Is it really possible to get rich in only a few years by investing? Answer: Yes, it's possible. However, it's not likely, at least not for most people. Earning
Question: How do financial services aimed at women differ from conventional services? Answer: It is just marketing and market segmentation. We could all shop at WalMart, but some people prefer
Question: Malaysian real estate: How to know if the market is overheated or in a bubble? Answer: The Motley Fool suggested a good rule of thumb in one of their
Question: How can I cash out a check internationally? Answer: I've been a landlord and also a tenant. I have been able to deposit money in an account, where I
Question: What are my options for this high interest student loan? Answer: There is no magic formula to this, quite simply: earn, cut expenses, and pay. It sounds like you
Question: Which technical indicators are suitable for medium-term strategies? Answer: Speaking from stock market point of view, superficially, TA is similarly applicable to day trading, short term, medium term and
Question: Is Cost of Living overstated? Answer: I'm not convinced that cost of living is related to ensuring greater appreciation of assets over time, especially over a 30 year window.
Question: Is trading stocks easier than trading commodities? Answer: Its the relative leverage available to retail traders between the two. In the US one can trade equities with 2:1 leverage
Question: Do I need to invest to become millionaire? Answer: You're ignoring inflation. Even if we assume the ECB sticks to its 2% inflation target, and your salary only rises
Question: How profitable is selling your customer base? Answer: but what about non-identifying information like emails or even telephone numbers? Are you allowed to do this? Most countries have privacy
Question: Can rent be added to your salary when applying for a mortgage? Answer: I am in Australia, but I think the banks in the UK would use similar wrkings.
Question: What is the risk-neutral probability? Answer: You have actually asked several questions, so I think what I'll do is give you an intuition about risk-neutral pricing to get you
Question: Tax ID for an international student investing in U.S stocks Answer: You need an ITIN. Follow the instructions on the IRS page to apply. You might be better off
Question: How to increase my credit score Answer: You need to get yourself a credit card, and use it regularly and also repay on time. This will help increase your
Question: How to calculate how much house I can afford? Answer: $100K of mortgage debt at 4%, 30 years will result in a $477/mo mortgage. It would take about $23K
Question: What standards should I expect of my CPA when an error was made? Answer: What is the right way to handle this? Did you check the forms? Did the
Question: Are warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam's Club worth it? Answer: I'm guessing it depends on how much you'd be paying for membership. If you save more than the
Question: Are in-kind donations from my S-Corp tax-deductible in any way? Answer: The relevant IRS publication is 526, Charitable Contributions. The section titled "Contributions you cannot deduct" begins on page
Question: If I invest in securities denominated in a foreign currency, should I hedge my currency risk? Answer: No. This is too much for most individuals, even some small to
Question: Why would someone want to buy an option on the day of expiry Answer: Market makers are required to buy options contracts as a condition of being a market
Question: Comparison between buying a stock and selling a naked put Answer: Yes, of course there have been studies on this. This is no more than a question about whether
Question: Buying a home without a Real Estate Agent - Who should I get to do the paperwork? Answer: Save yourself a lot of trouble you both agree on a
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: There are a lot of good answers, but I will share my experience. First, a
Question: First concrete steps for retirement planning when one partner is resistant Answer: I can understand your nervousness being 40 and no retirement savings. Its understandable especially given your parents.
Question: Are there any credit cards with a statement period longer than 1 month? Answer: If the billing cycle is 2 to 3 months, it would mean Banks have to
Question: Do I still need to pay capital gains taxes when I profit from a stock in a foreign currency? Answer: I'll break it down into steps. Total gain/ loss
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: Alternative solution with possibly better results: Use a 3rd party to transfer money between both of you. 2 Services you may
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: No you do not need a credit card. They are convenient to have sometimes. But you do not "need" one. I know
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: There are a couple
Question: Is there any US bank that does not charge for incoming wire transfers? Answer: There are banks and credit unions that don't charge fee for incoming wire transfer. You
Question: How does one typically exit (close out) a large, in-the-money long put option position? Answer: While open interest usually correlates to volume, the mark of liquidity is the bid
Question: How to maximize small business 401k contribution? Answer: My understanding is that to make the $18,000 elective deferral in this case, you need to pay yourself at least $18,000.
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: From your question, it seems
Question: Do investors go long option contracts when they cannot cover the exercise of the options? Answer: I do this often and have never had a problem. My broker is
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: If you're determined to
Question: I have $12k in a Chase checking account, but want to start earning interest/saving/investing/etc to make more money. What should I do? Answer: These are the basics in order:
Question: How to incentivize a real-estate broker to find me a cheap house Answer: Here in the U.S., a realtor can act as a "seller's agent" or a "buyer's agent".
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: 75k is short of the 'highly compensated' category. Most US citizens in that
Question: Buying a foreclosed property Answer: No, it is not true. It depends on the market, the banks' inventory, the original debt that was owed, etc etc. The banks generally
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Originally, stocks were ownership in a company just like any other business-
Question: Where to find historical quotes for the Dow Jones Global Total Stock Market Index? Answer: A number of places. First, fast and cheap, you can probably get this from
Question: What are the common income tax deductions used by "rich" salaried households? Answer: As was stated, households earning over $250k/yr don't all get their income one way. Below that
Question: What is the tax levied against stock portion cashed out of 401k? Answer: You pay tax on the entire amount, not just the capital gains. When cashing out such
Question: How to hedge against specific asset classes at low cost Answer: I wonder in this case if it might be easier to look for an emerging markets fund that
Question: Should we prepay our private student loans, given our particular profile? Answer: Based on your numbers, it sounds like you've got 12 years left in the private student loan,
Question: Is there strategy to qualify stock options with near expiry date for long term capital gain tax? Answer: There some specific circumstances when you would have a long-term gain.
Question: Is it worth incorporating, when working in Canada as a contractor for an employer in the US? Answer: Interesting as I am in the exact same situations as yourself.
Question: RRP/list price/retail price and cars? Answer: The retailer can sell for whatever price they like, with the caveats that if they consistently sell at a loss they will go
Question: Employer-Paid relocation as taxable income? Answer: If all of the relocation expenses are paid by your employer to the moving companies, then you should not have any tax liability
Question: Question about stock taxes buy/sell short term Answer: As Victor says, you pay tax on net profit. If this is a significant source of income for you, you should
Question: Why do UK banks require monthly "pay in" into current account? Answer: From the banks point of view the point of a current account like this is to get
Question: Why can't house prices be out of tune with salaries Answer: Indefinitely is easy to answer. Assume that the average house currently costs four times the average salary, and
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: I still use checks to pay rent and occasionally some bills/liabilities. That said, I did notice an (elderly) lady paying by
Question: Where should my money go next: savings, investments, retirement, or my mortgage? Answer: There's a ton of great advice here. It's very challenging to come up with something that
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: Omg, the answer is easy. Tell the TRUTH, and nothing is fraud. Down
Question: What would I miss out on by self insuring my car? Answer: As others have pointed out, it's all about a fixed, small cost versus the potential of a
Question: Is it bad practice to invest in stocks that fluctuate by single points throughout the day? Answer: Yes. There are several downsides to this strategy: You aren't taking into
Question: Buy the open and set a 1% limit sell order Answer: One should also point out that you make a major assumption in that the high of the day
Question: Risks associated with investing in dividend paying stocks for short term income. Alternatives? Answer: Usually when a company is performing well both its share price and its dividends will
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: Apart from what the other posters have said, you could look at some 'good cause'.
Question: How would I use Google Finance to find financial data about LinkedIn & its stock? Answer: Your analysis is correct. The income statement from Google states that LinkedIn made
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: My opinion is to hold off. I don't see housing market rising anytime soon, possibly even going
Question: What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment? Answer: Started to post this as a comment, but I think it's actually a legitimate answer:
Question: Should we park our money in our escrow account? Answer: The likely outcome of adding extra money to your escrow account is that the bank will send you a
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: If you want to spend all of your money in the next few years, then
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: Their is no arbitrage opportunity with "buying dividends." You're buying a
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: This is the biggest blunder I see in money handling. "Oh I'm a good person and everyone knows
Question: Inverse Relationship between Volatility and Beta Answer: For any isolated equity market, its beta will less resemble the betas of all other interconnected equity markets. For interconnected markets, beta
Question: Where do countries / national governments borrow money from? Answer: The answers provided so far as good and informative, but I just thought I'd add one small point... There
Question: Does the Black-Scholes Model apply to American Style options? Answer: Just a few observations within the Black-Scholes framework: Next, you can now use the Black-Scholes framework (stock price is
Question: Repairs to a house in order to rent it that were paid by the beneficiary, but is still owned by a Trust Answer: The Trustee has allowed me to
Question: Is capturing a loss a unique opportunity? Answer: I agree, one should not let the tax tail wag the investing dog. The only question should be whether he'd buy
Question: How exactly is implied volatility assigned to an option's strike price? Answer: As I understand it, Implied Volatility represents the expected gyrations of an options contract over it's lifetime.
Question: Stock return based on percentage Answer: would you earn $600 or $1600? You would have $1600, and your earnings would be $600. That's the only answer it could be,
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: Over a period of time greater than 10 years (keep in mind, 2000-2009 ten year period fails, so I
Question: What should one look for when opening a business bank account? Answer: Yes, it's a good idea to have a separate business account for your business because it makes
Question: Why is everyone saying how desperately we need to save money "in this economy"? Answer: You ask a few different, though not unrelated, questions. Everywhere you turn today, you
Question: How is stock price determined? Answer: You can interpret prices in any way you wish, but the commonly quoted "price" is the last price traded. If your broker routes
Question: How are startup shares worth more than the total investment funding? Answer: What littleadv said is correct. His worth is based on the presumed worth of the total company
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: As ChrisInEdmonton describes, shorting has an asymmetric risk/reward ratio. And put options have a time cost, if
Question: Should I consider my investment in a total stock market fund "diverse"? Answer: You are diversified within a particular type of security. Notably the stock market. A truly diversified
Question: Why is it in a companys interest to have high stock prices? [duplicate] Answer: After the initial public offering, the company can raise money by selling more stock (equity
Question: Why does the Brexit cause a fall in crude oil prices? Answer: Uncertainty has very far reaching effects. Oil is up ~100% since February and down ~40% from it's
Question: What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out? Answer: The rest of the market knows when the dividends
Question: How to take advantage of home appreciation Answer: There are basically two ways to get value out of an appreciating asset such as a home: (a) Sell it and
Question: When will Canada convert to the U.S. Dollar as an official currency? Answer: Canada would most likely not convert any time in the near future. The challenge for Canada
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: Quoted from money.howstuffworks.com: NASDAQ has come up with an auction approach
Question: College student - I'm a 'dependent' and my parents won't apply for the Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan Answer: I was in that same situation years
Question: Is there any truth to the saying '99% of the world's millionaires have become rich by doing real estate'? Answer: 78.84% of statistics are made up on the spot.
Question: Single investment across multiple accounts good, bad, indifferent? Answer: The main restrictions you see with IRA's involve contributions, and not the actual investments themselves. I would be indifferent to
Question: When to buy and sell bonds Answer: Why does selling a bond drive up the yield? The bond will pay back a fixed amount when it comes due. The
Question: How should residents of smaller economies allocate their portfolio between domestic and foreign assets? Answer: We face the same issue here in Switzerland. My background: Institutional investment management, currency
Question: What effect would currency devaluation have on my investments? Answer: My question boiled down: Do stock mutual funds behave more like treasury bonds or commodities? When I think about
Question: Do property taxes get deducted 100% from the Annual Tax Return or only a fraction of them? Answer: In 2012, the standard deduction is $5950 for a single person.
Question: Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Answer: Assuming US. The only con that I know of is that hassle factor. You have to remember to sell when you get
Question: Do you avoid tax when taking a home equity loan? Answer: You'll be taxed when you sell the house, but not before that (or if you do some other
Question: Merchant dispute with airline over missed flight, and which credit cards offer protection? Answer: You have no grounds for a refund. The flight took off on time, and you
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: One reason is because car insurance is mandated. Mandated insurance means the government is forcing people
Question: Am I doing the math for this covered call/long put strategy correctly? What risks do I run with this strategy? Answer: FYI: GM has an earnings announcement on April
Question: How can I get a wholesaler ID number? Answer: Small businesses are often governed by local regulations and state law. In a low liability small quantity arena, you should
Question: Deducting last years (undocumented) side business loss Answer: You should speak to a good tax adviser. The less documentation you have the more problems IRS are going to cause
Question: Wisest option to pay for second career education Answer: Your first step should be to visit with the financial aid office of the university that you are considering attending,
Question: How much does it cost to build a subdivision of houses on a large plot of land? Answer: The estimated cost of $200 sqft of living space is achievable
Question: Do stocks give you more control over your finances than mutual funds? Answer: The issue with trading stocks vs. mutual funds (or ETFs) is all about risk. You trade
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: Note: this answer is true for the UK, other places may vary. There are a couple of uses for credit cards.
Question: Does the rise in ACA premiums affect employer-provided health insurance premiums? Answer: There are a lot of moving parts, individual premiums and annual increases have little to do with
Question: Fees aside, what factors could account for performance differences between U.S. large-cap index ETFs? Answer: The "ideal world" index fund of any asset class is a perfect percentage holding
Question: Loan to S-Corp cannot be paid back, how to deduct from personal taxes? Answer: Once the business is shut down, you'll need to show that the corporation is in
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: Not all miles carry the same amount of risk. A survey by Progressive indicated that accidents
Question: Unusual real estate market with seemingly huge rental returns Answer: I would not claim to be a personal expert in rental property. I do have friends and family and
Question: Ways to invest my saved money in Germany in a halal way? Answer: The UK has Islamic banks. I don't know whether Germany has the same or not (with
Question: What things are important to consider when investing in one's company stock? Answer: Does your job give you access to "confidential information", such that you can only buy or
Question: Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit? Answer: Nothing is guaranteed - candlesticks are not crystal balls nor is any part of technical analysis.
Question: Are stock purchases on NASDAQ trackable to personal information? Answer: In the United States, when key people in a company buy or sell shares there are reporting requirements. The
Question: Few questions related to Balance sheet and Income Statement? Answer: 1.) There is no logic in this question, because when there is an increase in net income for the
Question: What can we conclude/learn from inst. own %? Answer: There are a LOT of reasons why institutional investors would own a company's stock (especially a lot of it). Some
Question: Is there a country that uses the term "dollar" for currency without also using "cents" as fractional monetary units? Answer: Going through the list of economies that currently use
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: This is a good idea, but it will barely affect your credit
Question: To rebalance or not to rebalance Answer: In theory, investing is not gambling because the expected outcome is not random; people are expecting positive returns, on average, with some
Question: Asset classes: Is a Guaranteed Investment Certificate (GIC) considered a bond? Answer: Instead of "stocks" I would refer to that asset class as "equity." Instead of bonds, I would
Question: How does "taking over payments" work? Answer: The phrase doesn't mean anything specifically. Your SO could start paying the payments, but the title and lien would remain in your
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: At one point you could log into your HSBC account from the command line, but gosh, I've never
Question: How to account for personal baby sitter? Answer: Are you working for a company that offers a Dependent Care Account? You may be able to withhold up to $5000/yr
Question: How does Value Averaging work in practice? Answer: If you were to stick to your guns, then yes, that's what you'd need to do. In practice, that kind of
Question: VAT and German freelance working on international project Answer: 11 / 111 / 11111 looks like the (old) tax number: it is used by the tax office to know
Question: How to read a chart after a split? Answer: The share price on its own has little relevance without looking at variations. In your case, if the stock went
Question: First concrete steps for retirement planning when one partner is resistant Answer: You can take a queue from any sales opportunity and position it in ways that will still
Question: Expecting to move in five years; how to lock mortgage rates? Answer: Outside of broadly hedging interest rate risk as I mentioned in my other answer, there may be
Question: Tax treatment of dividends paid on short positions Answer: In the USA there are two ways this situation can be treated. First, if your short position was held less
Question: Is there anything comparable to/resembling CNN's Fear and Greed Index? Answer: There are a number of ways to measure such things and they are generally called "sentiment indicators". The
Question: How should I think about stock dividends? Answer: At 19 years old you can and should be investing to see your money grow over the years. Reinvesting the dividends
Question: Hedging against Exchange Rate Risk Answer: How can I calculate my currency risk exposure? You own securities that are priced in dollars, so your currency risk is the amount
Question: Paying off student loan or using that money for a downpayment on a house Answer: Two years ago, I wrote an article titled Student Loans and Your First Mortgage
Question: What is a good open source Windows finance software Answer: You really shouldn't be using class tracking to keep business and personal operations separate. I'm pretty sure the IRS
Question: What evidence is there that rising interest rates causes Canadian condo prices to go down? Answer: Yes, it's unreasonable to think the prices will drop 10-20% in that time
Question: Where should I invest my savings? Answer: Basically the first thing you should do before you invest your money is to learn about investing and learn about what you
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: The price of a shares reflects the expected future returns of that company. If
Question: Where I am I liable for taxes? Answer: You will have to pay your taxes in the UK not USA. For tax purposes it is the company's tax residency
Question: Assessed value of my house Answer: You said the tax assessor gave you an appraised value, but I think you mean assessed value. This article YOUR HOME; Market vs.
Question: Is freelance income earned by a U.S. citizen while living abroad subject to state income tax? Answer: New York will want to you to pay taxes on income from
Question: Do stock prices drop due to dividends? Answer: The Paragraph talks about dividends given by Mutual Funds. Say a fund has NAV of $ 10, as the value of
Question: How do I calculate the quarterly returns of a stock index? Answer: Here's a few demo steps, first calculating the year to date return, then calculating the Q4 quarterly
Question: Should I make more conservative investments in my company 401(K) if I'm going to leave the job in a couple of years? Answer: My advice would be to invest
Question: Should I make more conservative investments in my company 401(K) if I'm going to leave the job in a couple of years? Answer: It doesn't make a difference if
Question: Investment property refinance following a low appraisal? Answer: The new payment on $172,500 3.5% 15yr would be $1233/mo compared to $1614/mo now (26 bi-weekly payments, but 12 months.) Assuming
Question: Is a fixed-price natural gas or electricity contract likely to save money? Answer: I have some numbers to share that may help. I've been tracking my home's natural gas
Question: Low risk hybrid investment strategy Answer: I think you may be confused on terminology here. Financial leverage is debt that you have taken on, in order to invest. It
Question: Offer Price for my stock not shown on quote and a subsequent sale higher than my offer Answer: There are a few things you are missing here. These appear
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: I'm normally a fan of trying to put all the relevant info in an answer when
Question: Can anyone help me figure out what my monthly take-home salary will be? Answer: If you are not taking any of the options in the Flexible Benefit Plan, then
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: I was in a similar situation about a
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: It does not matter. Your credit score is affected by late payments, by credit
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: Companies are expected to make a profit, otherwise there is no point to their existence and
Question: What debts are both partners liable for in a 'community property' state? Answer: No two states have the same exact laws regarding community property. I would recommend asking a
Question: Can someone explain the Option Chain of AMD for me? Answer: When you buy a put option, you're buying the right to sell stock at the "strike" price. To
Question: Closing a futures position Answer: For exchange contracts, yes. A trader can close a position by taking an offsetting position. CME's introduction to Futures explains it quite well (on
Question: Does a stay at home mom need term life insurance? Answer: Another source of insurance can be through the working spouses employment. Some companies do provide free or low
Question: Are non-residents or foreigners permitted to buy or own shares of UK companies? Answer: It's easy to own many of the larger UK stocks. Companies like British Petroleum, Glaxo,
Question: Are solar cell panels and wind mills worth the money? Answer: These are two rather distinct questions; only one of which is relevant to a Money web site. In
Question: Are social media accounts (e.g. YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) considered assets? Answer: Assets with zero value, perhaps. Unless you can prove that they have resale value. Good luck with
Question: Investments other than CDs? Answer: You're losing money. And a lot of it. Consider this: the inflation is 2-4% a year (officially, depending on your spending pattern your own
Question: Figuring out an ideal balance to carry on credit cards [duplicate] Answer: One factor you may be missing is that, even if you pay your balance in full each
Question: Why trade futures if you have options Answer: With options you pay for a premium which relates to the expected (so-called "implied" volatility). With futures, there is no assumption
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: A 30-yr mortgage IS a committment. So, you are willing to commit
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: Another good reason: if you have to replace a card due to damage, loss, or identity theft
Question: Online service that computes implied volatility Answer: remember that IV is literally the volatility that would be present to equate to the latest price of a particular option contract,
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Maybe not exactly 5 years ago, but the big thing I wish
Question: Can the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) itself go bankrupt? Answer: Not sure if I follow your question completely. Re: What if some fraud takes place that's too big
Question: Track uninvoiced (pre-invoiced?) expected income in Quicken Answer: You are right on track with your idea of setting up a separate account for invoiced income. Create a new account
Question: Professional investment planning for small net-worth individual in bearish market Answer: You're going to have a hard time finding a legit investment planner that is willing to do things
Question: Return on asset (ROA) value for a stock is reported differently on Yahoo Finance and MarketWatch Answer: Why there is this huge difference? I am not able to reconcile
Question: High dividend stocks Answer: Like almost all investing question: it depends! Boring companies generally appreciate slowly and as you note, pay dividends. More speculative investing can get you some
Question: Do algorithmic traders make money from short-term or long-term gains? Answer: Algorithmic trading essentially banks on the fact that a price will fluctuate in tiny amounts over short periods
Question: Opening 5 credit cards at once with no history to ruin, is it a good idea? Answer: I would not call this a "good" idea. But I wouldn't necessarily
Question: Buying a home - brokerage fee Answer: Every situation is possible, it depends on what the contract states. According to Nolo: Your ability to withdraw from a home purchase
Question: Personal finance software for Mac that can track stocks and mutual funds? (Even manual updating of share prices will do.) Answer: I'm using iBank on my Mac here and
Question: How much house can a retired person afford Answer: Consider a single person with a net worth of N where N is between one and ten million dollars. has
Question: What to sell when your financial needs change, stocks or bonds? Answer: The answer may be a compromise... if your goal is to make bonds a larger part of
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: Unless your stinginess has reach truly compulsive levels, it should be enough to consciously remind yourself of
Question: Is Real Estate ever a BAD investment? If so, when? Answer: There's an aspect to real estate that's under-discussed. When you take all factors into account, it just about
Question: What kind of life insurance is cheaper? I'm not sure about term vs. whole vs. universal, etc Answer: TL;DR: Only term is pure insurance and is the cheapest. The
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated. - Twain I use index funds in my retirement planning, but don't stick
Question: What are good games to play to teach young children about saving money? Answer: I found this great resource at MarketWatch.com - a listing on online games that help
Question: Double entry for mortgage Answer: The 500 are an expense associated with the loan, just like interest. You should have an expense account where you can put such financing
Question: Is there a good options strategy that has a fairly low risk? Answer: There isn't really a generic options strategy that gives you higher returns with lower risk than
Question: How can I report pump and dump scams? Answer: Start with your local police department then move on to these sites. Fill out the United States Postal Service fraud
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: As someone who has worked for both an insurance carrier and an insurance agent, the reason people buy insurance is two fold: to spread risk
Question: Should I buy stocks of my current employer because of its high dividend yield? Answer: Your cons say it all. I would not be buying stocks based soley on
Question: What are the basics of apartment rental finances? Answer: Well for starters you want to rent it for more than the apartment costs you. Aside from mortgage you have
Question: What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly? Answer: It depends on where you are in life, and where you want to be at some point in
Question: Stock Certificate In two names Answer: The common way to frame the "should I sell" question is ask yourself "would you buy it today at the current price". If
Question: Multiple people interested in an Apartment Answer: I wouldn't start a bidding war if I were you. Sometimes you may get potentially bad tenants who cannot find a property
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: First, let me mention that the reasons mentioned this far for renting are excellent ones. But, I disagree.
Question: A merchant requests that checks be made out to "Cash". Should I be suspicious? Answer: If the business owner doesn't want you to pay him directly, the only reason
Question: Withdraw funds with penalty or bear high management fees for 10 years? Answer: I think the main question is whether the 1.5% quarterly fee is so bad that it
Question: My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&P 500. What should I do? Answer: You say: To clarify, my account is with BlackRock and the fund
Question: Why would a company with a bad balance sheet be paying dividends? Answer: A simple response is that it's a good political/strategic move. Ford have effectively said, "We know
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: Many good points have been brought up, and I'll just link to them here, for ease. Source: I
Question: When investing, is the risk/reward tradeoff linear? Answer: If a market is efficient then risk/reward should be linear. In simple markets like stocks and bonds, everyone thinks the same
Question: Can I get a discount on merchandise by paying with cash instead of credit? Answer: Cash is very effective at getting a discount when buying from individuals (craigslist, garage
Question: Any reason to keep around my account with my old, 'big' bank? Answer: From my experience, payments from banks and other financial entities, such as loyalty programs, generally aren't
Question: Where can I find announcements of official GDP figures for the US and other countries? Answer: For press releases about economic data, the Bureau of Economic Analysis press release
Question: 4 months into a 30 month car loan, need new engine, can't sell any body parts Answer: Without knowing the details of your financial situation, I can only offer
Question: Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies? Answer: As mentioned in the comments, there are costs associated with owning & living in an apartment. First you
Question: Is there an academic framework for deciding when to sell in-the-money call options? Answer: If any academic framework worked, your teachers would be the richest people on the planet.
Question: When is it necessary to apply taxes for web freelancing services in Quebec, Canada? Answer: AFAIK, there are two kinds of taxes your web freelancing income may be subject
Question: how much of foreign exchange (forex/fx) "deep liquidity" is really just unbacked leverage and what is the effect? Answer: First it is worth noting the two sided nature of
Question: Do I need to pay Income Tax if i am running a escrow service in India Answer: This may be closed as not quite PF, but really "startup" as
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: With all due respect to economics everywhere and the armchair economist. I think they overlook one very basic
Question: GnuCash, how do I book loan from credit card, being paid back with salary? [duplicate] Answer: When you pay the flight, hotel, conference attendance fees of $100: When you
Question: How do I treat the income from an ESPP I sold now that I am a non-resident alien? Answer: That's a tricky question and you should consult a tax
Question: Should I sell my stocks to reduce my debt? Answer: I'm surprised no one has picked up on this, but the student loan is an exception to the rule.
Question: Pros/cons of drawing income in retirement from sole-owner corporation vs. sole-proprietorship? Answer: Not really, no. The assumption you're makingwithdrawals from a corporation are subject to "[ordinary] income tax"is simplistic.
Question: I want to invest in Gold. Where do I go and buy it? Answer: Without getting into whether you should invest in Gold or Not ... 1.Where do I
Question: Choosing a vehicle to invest a kid's money on their behalf (college, etc.)? Answer: Roth is currently not an option, unless you can manage to document income. At 6,
Question: What happens to a call option in a cash/stock acquisition? Answer: I believe that your option contracts will become "non-standard" and will be for a combination of ACE stock
Question: What tax year does my income get assigned to if my client sends the payment in December but I receive it in January? Answer: Confused? see your CPA
Question: Where do I invest my Roth IRA besides stock market and mutual funds? Answer: You're technically 'allowed' to do other investments with your Roth, but you get taken to
Question: What is the preferred way to set up personal finances? Answer: You don't state where you are, so any answers to this will by necessity be very general in
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: Ask the dealer to drive to the bank with you, if they really want cash.
Question: Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)? Answer: I'd hazard that Jim is mostly worried that people are getting ripped off by high
Question: Optimal down payment amount Answer: The optimal down payment is 0% IF your interest rate is also 0%. As the interest rate increases, so does the likelihood of the
Question: Where can I find information on corporate bonds (especially those rated as "junk") ? Answer: Bond information is much tougher to get. Try to find access to a Bloomberg
Question: What considerations are there for making investments on behalf of a friend? Answer: how many transactions per year do you intend? Mixing the funds is an issue for the
Question: Credit card transactions for personal finances Answer: Other responses have focused on getting you software to use, but I'd like to attempt your literal question: how are such transactions
Question: why is buying trading-stock from cash not regarded as an expense? Answer: Because the stock still has the same value as the money paid for it - you are
Question: Digital money pots? Answer: If you can live with managing the individual category amounts yourself, this is trivial. Just set up a spreadsheet listing each category (and a column
Question: Pay off entire mortgage or put into investments Answer: I like this option, rather than exposing all 600k to market risk, I'd think of paying off the mortgage as
Question: Who creates money? Central banks or commercial banks? Answer: Scenario 1 is typically the better description. If commercial banks were allowed to simply "create" money, they wouldn't be in
Question: Why can't I short a particular stock? Answer: In order to short a stock, you have to borrow the number of shares that you're shorting from someone else who
Question: TD Webbroker.ca did not execute my limit sell order even though my stock went .02 over limit Answer: On most exchanges, if you place a limit order to sell
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: Technically, yes but, in practice, no. I use a card for everything and pay it
Question: Business Expense - Car Insurance Deductible For Accident That Occurred During a Business Trip Answer: As a general rule, you must choose between a mileage deduction or an actual
Question: How do you go about buying a house directly from an owner? I.e. no broker involved? Answer: You don't have to use an agent (broker, as you call it),
Question: Prepaid Rent (Accrual Based Accounting) Answer: Your account entries are generally correct, but do note that the last transaction is a mixture of the balance sheet and income statement.
Question: Pay off entire mortgage or put into investments Answer: At the area where I live (Finland), banks typically charge a lot more for additional mortgage credit taken after purchasing
Question: Where can I find a company's earnings history for free? Answer: www.earnings.com is helpful thinkorswim's thinkDesktop platform has a lot of earnings information tied with flags on their charts
Question: Best way to day trade with under $25,000 Answer: You avoid pattern day trader status by trading e-mini futures through a futures broker. The PDT rules do not apply
Question: Can you please explain what the information in this stock quote means? Answer: Yes, that's what it means. Also, it tells you that the share price went up by
Question: Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices Answer: As others have alluded to but haven't said due to the lack of reputation points to spare, you can take advantage
Question: Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store? Answer: you should pay cash. always pay cash or debit card.
Question: Do I need to pay quarterly 1040 ES and 941 (payroll)? Answer: I think I may have figured this out but if someone could double check my reasoning I'd
Question: How to invest with a low net worth Answer: I have an opposite view from all the other contributions here. Why not consider starting your own business. With the
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: Definitely not. Credit cards only exist to suck you into the soulless
Question: Where should a young student put their money? Answer: Good for you! At your age, you should definitely consider investing some of your hard-earned and un-needed money in stocks
Question: How is stock price determined? Answer: Stock price is determined by what's being asked for it, and what's being paid for it. The reported price is either a recent
Question: Benjamin Graham: Minimum Size of the company Answer: If you look at the value as a composite, as Graham seems to, then look at its constituent parts (which you
Question: How does a high share price benefit a company when it is raising funds? Answer: Share price is based on demand. Assuming the same amount of shares are made
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: No. You're lucky, maybe, but not really a successful investor. Warren
Question: Does Joel Greenblatt's "Magic Formula Investing" really beat the market? Answer: I read the book, and I'm willing to believe you'd have a good chance of beating the market
Question: Where can I find all public companies' information? Answer: MattMcA definitely gave you excellent advice and said a lot of what I would say to you. Most databases that
Question: Is it wise to have plenty of current accounts in different banks? Answer: You should not open bank accounts just to get additional credit cards. You should be careful
Question: Comprehensive tutorial on double-entry personal finance? Answer: I had to implement a simplistic double-entry accounting system, and compiled a list of resources. Some of them are more helpful than
Question: High-risk investing is better for the young? Why? Answer: If you spent your whole life earning the same portfolio that amounts $20,000, the variance and volatility of watching your
Question: Really have to use business credit card for personal expenses Answer: I really have to use the business card for personal expenses, please assume that in your answer. This
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: From a budgeting perspective, the emergency fund is a category in which you've budgeted funds for
Question: Stranger in Asia wants to send me $3000 in Europe over Western Union because he "likes me"? [duplicate] Answer: how are the ways he could scam me? There are
Question: Medical Bill Consolidation Answer: There are definitely ways to retroactively consolidate medical bills -- there's an entire industry of companies offering debt consolidation (many of which are scummy/predatory, be
Question: Why are some countries' currencies "weaker"? Answer: 1:30 is not stronger than 1:79. These are just numbers. Trading 1:120 in 2008 and 1:79 now vs. trading 1:31 in 2008
Question: Correct term for describing how "interesting" a stock is to buy Answer: You can call it a stock rating of say between 0 to 5 or 0 to 10
Question: How to rescue my money from negative interest? Answer: You obviously pay your taxes in Switzerland and are employed (judging from your comments on your maximum possible contribution to
Question: I'm an American in my mid 20's. Is there something I should be doing to secure myself financially? Answer: First of all, make sure you have an emergency fund.
Question: How do ETF fees get applied? Answer: The ETF price quoted on the stock exchange is in principle not referenced to NAV. The fund administrator will calculate and publish
Question: Yahoo Finance - Data inconsistencies between historic and current data Answer: You might have better luck using Quandl as a source. They have free databases, you just need to
Question: Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive? Answer: Let's say you see a caf. You're looking to buy a caf
Question: What are the gains from more liquidity in ETF for small investors? Answer: ETFs are both liquid (benefits active traders) and a simple way for people to invest in
Question: What happens to bank account of non-resident alien who falls out of status? Answer: Nothing happens. A bank is a business; your relationship with the bank doesn't change because
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: It very much comes down to question of semantics and your particular situation. Some people do not view a
Question: How accurate is Implied Volatility in predicting future moves? Answer: Historical volatility of a stock is going to be based on past performance, basically its current trend. That can
Question: How to hedge against specific asset classes at low cost Answer: The essence of hedging is to find an investment that performs well under the conditions that you're concerned
Question: How will the after market affect the open of the market tomorrow? Answer: In general a stock can open at absolutely any price with no regard for the closing
Question: Common Stock Options Value Answer: Par value SHOULD mean that they are offering you the options with a strike price (exercise price) that is equivalent to the current valuation
Question: Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro "Social Trading Network" using a "CFD"? Answer: Concerning the Broker: eToro is authorized and registered in Cyprus by the
Question: Why does a stock price drop as soon an I purchase several thousand shares at market price? Answer: Unless you are buying millions of dollars worth of a stock
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: The price at which a stock was purchased is a sunk cost--that is, you cannot go
Question: Why do mutual fund trading limitations exist? e.g. 90 day transfer limits? Answer: Mutual funds (that are not exchange-traded funds) often need to sell some of their securities to
Question: How do I protect myself from a scam if I want to help a relative? Answer: Let's summarize your relative's problem: How is this possible? If both of those
Question: Paypal website donations without being a charity Answer: Yes, Paypal has such a button you can use, but to be clear, the money you receive is taxable income. Your
Question: Option Theta: What conditions are needed for Theta > P/N, where P = option price, and N = days to expiration? Answer: So, if an out-of-the-money option (all time
Question: What's the general principle behind choosing saving vs. paying off debt? Answer: Debt creates risk. Plain and simple. Comparing interest rates of debt vs. possible investing. To me, it
Question: Are Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) less safe than regular mutual funds? Answer: I wonder if ETF's are further removed from the actual underlying holdings or assets giving value to the
Question: What's a Letter of Credit? Are funds held in my bank for the amount in question? Answer: Wikipedia has a detailed article explaining this. A standard, commercial letter of
Question: Freelance trading of products in India Answer: For most goods there is no license required, unless you are trading in restricted goods. Remittance need to be routed via banks
Question: What happens to an ETF if one of the companies in the ETF gets aquired? Answer: There are a number of ways this can result. In a broad ETF,
Question: Buying a house, how much should my down payment be? Answer: The reason to put more money down or accept a shorter maximum term is because the bank sweetens
Question: Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? Answer: Consider this thought experiment: Take 10 million people and give them each $3,000. Every day
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: Something else to consider, even if your friend is
Question: Stocks given by company vest if I quit? Answer: Vesting typically stops after you quit. So, if your plan vests 20% per year for 5 years, and you received
Question: Market Making vs Market Taking (Quotes vs Orders) Answer: This is too lengthy for a comment. The following quoted passages are excerpted from this Money SE post. Before electronic
Question: Does the USA have a Gold reserve? Answer: The US does have a gold reserve. The main reserves are held at Fort Knox but there is even more gold,
Question: Need small buisness ideas with 100k $ budjet in a 3rd world country Answer: Firstly, I highly doubt anyone on this site will be able to provide you with
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: All the other answers here are correct, but I'll add one more perspective. I am a business architect
Question: Can I rely on my home equity to finance large home repairs? Answer: Personally, I'd use my emergency fund first. It is unlikely (though possible, of course) that I
Question: Unmarried couple buying home, what are the options in our case? Answer: You are thinking about this very well. With option one, you need to think about the 5
Question: US ISA equivalent for tax exempt investment & savings Answer: As far as I know, there is no direct equivalent. An IRA is subject to many rules. Not only
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: The best reason for endorsing a check is in case it is lost. If the back is blank, a crooked
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: what you aim to do is a great idea and it will work
Question: US taxation of stock purchase plan for non-resident alien Answer: From my research it looks like its an income NOT effectively connected with the trade of business. This page
Question: Should I fund retirement with a static asset allocation or an age based glide path? Answer: The thing about the glide path is that the closer you're to the
Question: What caused this drop? Answer: I'm going to guess that you found this because of a stock screener. This company went through a 1:20 reverse split on June 30,
Question: What headaches will I have switching from Quicken to GnuCash? Answer: Instead of gnucash i suggest you to use kmymoney. It's easier
Question: Using financial news releases to trade stocks? Answer: No matter how a company releases relevant information about their business, SOMEBODY will be the first to see it. I mean,
Question: What does cryptocurrency mean for governments? Answer: Government's tax citizens and businesses in their currency. Earnings (even earnings in cryptocurrencies) are taxable income.
Question: What are the risks of Dividend-yielding stocks? Answer: The risk in a divident paying stock can come from 2 sources. The business of the company, or the valuation of
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: I think you've got competition on that list for where to put the money - I'd work
Question: Income tax on international income with money not deposited in India Answer: Three points for you to keep in mind. 1. In the very first year, you should have
Question: Confirm Dividend Yield Answer: There are lots of provisos, but in general you are correct. The provisos, off the top of my head: The only fees will be any
Question: Importance of dividend yield when evaluating a stock? Answer: Probably the most important thing in evaluating a dividend yield is to compare it to ITSELF (in the past). If
Question: 250k USD in savings. What's next? Answer: Considering the historical political instability of your nation, real property may have higher risk than normal. In times of political strife, real
Question: What's the difference between buying bonds and buying bond funds for the long-term? Answer: A bond fund will typically own a range of bonds of various durations, in your
Question: I can't produce a title for a vehicle I just traded Answer: If your fiance took a title loan out on your truck you won't be able to trade
Question: Is it possible to influence a company's actions by buying stock? Answer: Yes and no. This really should be taught at junior school level in a capitalist country but
Question: How do index funds actually work? Answer: Now company A has been doing ok for couple of weeks, but then due to some factors in that company its stock
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Do a monthly budget, unique to each month, before the month begins,
Question: How do I figure out if I will owe taxes Answer: The short answer is - "Your employer should typically deduct enough every paycheck so you don't owe anything
Question: What are the marks of poor investment advice? Answer: Anybody that offers a bigger return than a deposit claiming 100% safe is a fraud. There is always a risk:
Question: I'm in the U.S. What are vehicles to invest in international stocks? Answer: You can look into specific market targeted mutual funds or ETF's. For Norway, for example, look
Question: Are Target Funds Unsafe - Post Q.E.? Answer: It's a what-if? sort of question. What if rates stay down or trend only slightly higher, despite no QE? look at
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: At one point it was illegal to melt silver coins in the US, but it is legal now. I don't know that will happen
Question: What are the tax guidelines for a Canadian freelancer working for a US company? Answer: I do NOT know the full answer but I know here are some important
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: Companies in the US will take care of paying
Question: How can I diversify $7k across ETFs and stocks? Answer: An index fund is inherently diversified across its index -- no one stock will either make or break the
Question: Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month? Answer: While it's wise, easier and safer to check your transactions online a few times a month, I
Question: Save money in company for next year Answer: As was once famously said, Our new Constitution is now established, and has an appearance that promises permanency; but in this
Question: What makes a Company's Stock prices go up or down? Answer: I always liked the answer that in the short term, the market is a voting machine and in
Question: Evidence for/against negative correlation between commodity futures, stocks Answer: The correlation I heard most about in economics/finance was that stock prices and bond yields were negatively correlated; as the
Question: Options revisited: Gold fever Answer: Make a portfolio with gold and put options for gold. If the price rises again, sell a part of your gold and use it
Question: Good yield vs. safer route (Checking vs. Savings) Answer: In the US bank or credit union checking, savings, CD's are insured through FDIC or NCUA. The coverage is for
Question: Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns? Answer: Like Jeremy T said above, silver is a value store
Question: What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old? Answer: Waiting for the next economic downturn probably isn't the best plan at this point.
Question: Is it normal that US Treasury bills(0.07%) yield smaller than interest rate(0.25%)? Answer: Maybe someone will have more details, but a couple of things come to mind immediately:
Question: Clarify on some Stocks Terminology Answer: Yep, you have it pretty much right. The volume is the number of shares traded that day. The ticker is giving you the
Question: How to calculate the price of a bond based with a yield to Maturity, term and annual interest? Answer: Like all financial investments, the value of a bond is
Question: How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing? Answer: On the quality angle a big part of it is experience, but the biggest thing is careful observation.
Question: Splitting Hackathon Prize Money to minimize tax debt Answer: I would deduct all the other payments out as subcontractors, but I typically have all the paperwork and entities set
Question: Does U.S. tax code call for small business owners to count business purchases as personal income? Answer: Expenses are where the catch is found. Not all expenditures are considered
Question: Prices go up and salary doesn't: where goes delta? Answer: Where goes the Delta? To the sea, of course. Your question is very valid and for once, I think
Question: Can expense ratios on investment options in a 401(k) plan contain part of the overall 401(k) plan fees? Answer: I question the reliability of the information you received. Of
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: An ideal option for you would be to use as many or as few as you choose,
Question: Need to change cash to cashier's check without bank account (Just arrived to the US) Answer: If you have an SSN and foreign passport - it's all you need
Question: Are mutual funds safe from defaults? Answer: The only way for a mutual fund to default is if it inflated the NAV. I.e.: it reports that its investments worth
Question: Are there any regulations regards end of loan payment procedures? Answer: There are federal regulations that state that: As a result it can be assumed that when a loan
Question: Guide to save money in all-time life Answer: You will find lots of rules of thumb but there is no universal truth to how much you should save. There
Question: Which graduate student loans are preferable? Answer: Of course, the situation for each student will vary widely so you'll have to dig deep on your own to know what
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: If you have a debt that has very low interest now,
Question: Can future rental income be applied to present debt-to-income ratio when applying for second mortgage? Answer: Having both purchased income properties and converted prior residences into rental properties I
Question: Saving for a non-necessity Answer: Total income - mandatory spending (ie bills) = discretionary income. Make a budget and calculate how much discretionary income you have each pay period.
Question: Strategies to recover from a bad short-term call options purchase where the underlying dropped instead? Answer: For personal investing, and speculative/ highly risky securities ("wasting assets", which is exactly
Question: Where can I find the nominal price of a stock prior a split into multiple companies? Answer: Yahoo Finance provides the proper closing price. HP's historical data around the
Question: How exactly does dealing in stock make me money? Answer: Generally, a share of stock entitles the owner to all future per-share dividends paid by the company, plus a
Question: What is a good asset allocation for a 25 year old? Answer: The standard advice is that stocks are all over the place, and bonds are stable. Not necessarily
Question: Can two or more people own 1 stock in the US? Answer: A share of stock is an asset not much different than any other asset. If the share
Question: Am I eligible for a student maintenance loan? Answer: Looking at https://www.gov.uk/student-finance/who-qualifies, it says: You can only apply if: As you meet all three requirements I think you are
Question: Prices go up and salary doesn't: where goes delta? Answer: I expected a word or two on the price elasticity of demand here :) Andrey, Your question needs slight
Question: Should I worry too much about saving my 20% down before buying my first house? Answer: The only problem that I see is that by not giving the 20%
Question: Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name? Answer: I'd have a good look at how much anonymity an
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: I think the consensus is that you can't afford a home now and need to build more of
Question: How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)? Answer: If you are talking about a home office, you don't "charge" the business anything.
Question: Why doesn't GnuCash auto-reconcile non-bank accounts? Answer: The answer is just close your eyes and ignore it (in your words). I'm right there with you, the amount of detail
Question: What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States? Answer: It is almost a sure thing that the housing market will crash again hugely.For this
Question: Is the stock market too risky for long term retirement funds? Why should a 20- or 30-something person invest in stocks? Answer: I recommend that people think for themselves
Question: Top 3 things to do before year end for your Stock Portfolio? Answer: Not knowing the US laws at all, you should worry more about having the best stock
Question: After Hours S&P 500 Answer: My original answer contained a fundamental error: it turns out that it is not true that any exchange can create its own product to
Question: Will a stop order get triggered if the floor is hit and trading is halted? Answer: During a circuit breaker, no trading occurs. These policies have been implemented to
Question: Using property to achieve financial independence Answer: I wrote this in another thread but is also applicable here. In general people make some key mistakes with property: Not factoring
Question: How can rebuilding a city/large area be considered an economic boost? Answer: Wikipedia's article on the Parable of the broken window mentions that Keynesians would argue that broken windows
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: I don't really see it as worth it at any level because of the risk. If you
Question: How can I work out how much a side-job contracting will be taxed for? Answer: Being self-employed, your "profit" is calculated as all the bills you send out, minus
Question: Should I refi a rental property to reduce income tax from positive cash flow and use the equity pulled out to fund an annuity? Answer: You need to do
Question: Pros/cons of replicating a "fund of funds" with its component funds in my IRA? Answer: In your entire question, the only time you mention that this is an investment
Question: How do I get a Tax Exemption Certificate for export from the US if I am in another country? Answer: How do you know you are playing their cost
Question: Online tools for monitoring my portfolio gains/losses in real time? Answer: The trick is real time. I like to wake up in the morning, turn on my computer and
Question: Comparison between buying a stock and selling a naked put Answer: Why do all this work yourself? Pay a modest price to have a professional do this for you.
Question: Should I participate in a 401k if there is no company match? Answer: I believe @Dilip addressed your question alread, I am going to focus on your second question:
Question: What are the options for a 19-year-old college student who only has about $1000? Answer: If you're looking for ways to turn $1000 into more, don't just think of
Question: Why is routing number called ABA/ABN number? Answer: With number of Banks increasing every country at some point in time adopted an Identification code. In US these are called
Question: When (if) I should consider cashing in (selling) shares to realize capital gains? Answer: How about this rule? Sell 10% of your shares every time they double in price.
Question: Does modifying an order cancel the old one and submit a new one Answer: Limit books are managed by exchanges. If an order is not immediately filled, it is
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: I'm not good at persuasion, and I'm not an expert at any of this, but
Question: What actions should I be taking to establish good credit scores for my children? Answer: Until they're old enough to be legally responsible for their own credit, the only
Question: How do I get the latest or even realtime information of institutions stock buy/sell action? Answer: Of course not, this is confidential information in the same way that I
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: There is no zero risk option! There is no safe parking zone for turbulent times! There is
Question: Why not pay in full upfront for a car? Answer: In general I'd say, yeah, if you can pay cash, pay cash. If you pay cash, then by definition
Question: How best to grow my small amount of money starting at a young age? [duplicate] Answer: (Congrats on earning/saving $3K and not wanting to blow it all on immediate
Question: What choices should I consider for investing money that I will need in two years? Answer: Are you going to South Africa or from? (Looking on your profile for
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: The gym I used
Question: Should I invest in real estate to rent, real estate to live in, or just stocks and bonds to earn 10-15%? Answer: Are there other options I haven't thought
Question: How to interpret a 1,372.55% dividend payout ratio (GSK)? Answer: I don't think it makes sense to allow accounting numbers that you are not sure how to interpret as
Question: Do I need another health insurance policy? Answer: Most of the points by MrChrister are valid. I can't say much for Philippines, however there is a reason for one
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: There are a few ways you can go
Question: Which field should I use for getting the income yield of this bond ETF? Answer: What you want is the distribution yield, which is 2.65. You can see the
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: Think about the implications if the world worked as your question implies
Question: Do I have to explain the source of *all* income on my taxes? Answer: Well, that's probably not even all of it. If that stranger did his taxes properly,
Question: Should I use put extra money toward paying off my student loans or investing in an index fund? Answer: From a purely financial standpoint (psychology aside) the choice between
Question: What is a good 5-year plan for a college student with $15k in the bank? Answer: I disagree with the IRA suggestion. Why IRA? You're a student, so probably
Question: Account that is debited and account that is credited Answer: Credited to your account means amount has been deposited to your account(this will be your income). Debited from your
Question: Where to request ACH Direct DEBIT of funds from MY OWN personal bank account? Answer: Call Wells Fargo or go to a branch. Tell them what you're trying to
Question: Did basically all mutual funds have a significant crash in 2008? Answer: In 2008, the S&P was down 37%. I love charts that show sector performance by year, as
Question: Self Assessment UK - Goods and services for your own use Answer: Work on your own site is certainly not relevant here, that's just a part of your trade,
Question: What's the difference when asked for "debit or credit" by a store when using credit and debit cards? Answer: These are two different ways of processing payments. They go
Question: How can I lookup the business associated with a FEIN? Answer: If the organization is a non-profit. You can search by EIN on Charity Navigator's website FOR FREE. https://www.charitynavigator.org/
Question: Video recommendation for stock market education Answer: Before you go filling your head with useless information as there is way too much stuff out there on the stock market.
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: Around 3 months back, I paid back my last loan from my father which he gave for the
Question: How does revenue shared with someone else go into my tax return in Canada? Answer: Generally, report your $150,000. If/when the the tax collectors notice the anomaly, they'll attempt
Question: What financial data are analysed (and how) to come up with a stock recommendation? Answer: The short answer: it depends. The long answer.. Off the top of my head,
Question: Can I pay a loan under someone else's name? (assume the dispenser of the loan is malicious) Answer: I don't think there's anything to worry about. TFS doesn't really
Question: If throwing good money after bad is generally a bad idea, is throwing more money after good Ok? Answer: Is investing more money into a stock that you already
Question: How do you find out who the investors are in a U.S. stock? e.g. how ownership may be concentrated? Answer: Companies absolutely know who ALL their shareholders are. Ownership
Question: Was this bill forgotten by a medical provider, and do notices need to be sent before collections? Answer: Seems like the straightforward answer is to call the provider and
Question: When should I start an LLC for my side work? Answer: An LLC is overkill for 99% of 1 man small businesses. Side-businesses should remain as sole proprieterships until
Question: Pay off car or use money for down payment Answer: To focus on your question.. pay it off then trade in. The reason is because say you just have
Question: How does the person lending shares to the short selller protect themselves if the short sellers are correct? Answer: Lending of shares happens in the background. Those who have
Question: What is the different between 2 :1 split and 1:1 split Answer: There is no such thing as a "one for one" split. It's either N for 1, or
Question: Can two companies own stock in each other? Answer: Yes, this happens a lot. And in many cases companies don't even know this is happening. Collateralized Debt Obligations frequently
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: You would have to collect an awful lot to make it profitable. The melting process alone will cost an arm and a leg. Go
Question: Car Insurance - Black box has broken and insurance company wants me to pay? Answer: First read the fine print. If you have to pay it, pay it and
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: When you purchase a mortgage, you have to prove the source of your
Question: How does my broker (optionsXpress) calculate probabilities that the stock will hit a certain price? Answer: Their algorithm may be different (and proprietary), but how I would to it
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: I feel there are two types of answer: One: the financial. Suck all the emotion out of
Question: Is there any site you can find out about the 'bonus features' of credit cards? Answer: Billshrink offers some pretty neat analysis tools to help you pick a credit
Question: How are shares used, and what are they, physically? Answer: How to 'use' your shares: If you own common shares in a company (as opposed to a fund) then
Question: Can we compare peer-to-peer loans to savings accounts? Answer: I don't think you can compare savings accounts and peer-to-peer lending. The former is a liquid way of stashing some
Question: How can I find a list of self-select stocks & shares ISA providers? Answer: I'm currently using Halifax. Pros: Cons: I'm might start using TD Waterhouse in future, as
Question: Can I trust the Motley Fool? Answer: I've had a MF Stock Advisor for 7 or 8 years now, and I've belong to Supernova for a couple of years.
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: Insurance is bought for peace of mind and to divert disaster. Diverting disaster is a good/great thing. If your house burned down, if someone hit
Question: What is meant by one being in a "tax bracket"? Answer: Tax brackets refer to the range of taxable within which you fall. An income tax bracket usually refers
Question: What does "Yield Curve" mean? Answer: Great question! A Yield Curve is a plot of the yields for different maturities of debt. This can be for any debt, but
Question: Should I have more than one brokerage account? Answer: I use two different brokerages, both well-known. I got a bit spooked during the financial crisis and didn't want to
Question: Protecting savings from exceptional taxes Answer: What EU wanted to force Cyprus to do is to break the insurance contract the government has with the bank depositors. The parliament
Question: how can a US citizen buy foreign stocks? Answer: For question #1, at least some US-based online brokers do permit direct purchases of stocks on foreign exchanges. Depending on
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: Equation: (M x 12) + MOOP = Worst case scenario cost Where M equals the monthly cost and
Question: Credit report - Not able to establish identity Answer: It looks like from their response, they would like you to send a copy of your social security card. Your
Question: Do banks give us interest even for the money that we only had briefly in our account? Answer: Ditto @MichaelBorgwardt Just to get concrete: I just checked one bank
Question: What happened when the dot com bubble burst? Answer: Well basically a lot of dot-com companies that had no real plans for having actual profit's, self-destructed. I had worked
Question: What return are you getting on your money from paying down a mortgage on a rental property? Answer: As Chris pointed out: If your expenses are covered by the
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: I stock is only worth what someone will pay for it. If you want to sell it you
Question: Tax considerations for selling a property below appraised value to family? Answer: Is this legal? If the purpose of the sale at that price is to defraud somebody else,
Question: How do I deduct payments to others out of a single payment to the group for contract work? Answer: You send the proper form to the other person for
Question: What is the median retirement savings in the United States today? Answer: Note that the quote distinguishes between "all families" and "families with some savings" - this just means
Question: Index fund that tracks gold and other commodities Answer: Barclays offers an iPath ETN (not quite an ETF), DJP, which tracks the total return of the Dow Jones-AIG Commodity
Question: If accepting more than $10K in cash for a used boat, should I worry about counterfeiting? Answer: The only issue I can see is that the stranger is looking
Question: Question about being a resident Answer: I am assuming you are asking for Tax purposes. In Oregon, there is a distinction between Full-Year and Partial-Year residency for Tax purposes.
Question: If a company in China says it accepts Visa, does it accept all Visas? Answer: Many businesses that accept regular VISA credit cards will not accept VISA purchase cards
Question: Can a company stop paying dividends? Answer: Dividends are supposed to be paid from company profits (in the current or previous financial years), there are nuances around what profits
Question: How to find the smallest transaction fees and commissions available and reduce trading overhead? Answer: The lowest cost way to trade on an exchange is to trade directly on
Question: Why are U.S. Treasury interest rates are so low vs. other nearly risk-free rates? Answer: As I'm sure you are reading in Hull's classic, the basic valuation of bonds
Question: How does the bank/IRS know whether a bank transfer over $14k is a gift or loan repayment? Answer: You don't need to file or do anything. The bank will
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: Another thought: Higher education in the US is frightfully expensive with the sticker
Question: Renting out rooms in my home, what's the proper way to deal with utilities for tax purposes? Answer: It's the same result either way. Say the bills are $600,
Question: Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance Answer: I asked how often grocery purchases are made in a comment, but I'm
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: I've got a card that I've had for about 25 years now. The only time
Question: How to deposit a cheque issued to an associate in my business into my business account? Answer: Have the check reissued to the proper payee.
Question: Is stock trading based more on luck than poker playing? Answer: I assert not so. Even if we assume a zero sum game (which is highly in doubt); the
Question: Insurance, healthcare provider, apparent abuse, lack of transparency Answer: Just as with any other service provider - vote with your wallet. Do not go back to that doctor's office,
Question: How might trading volume affect future share price? Answer: There is no direct relationship between volume and stock price. High volume indicates how much stock is changing hands. That
Question: If I have all this stock just sitting there, how can I lend it out to people for short selling? Answer: Lending of securities is done by institutional investors
Question: Is house swapping possible? Answer: Another possibility that you might consider is to find a renter for your current place and move to your destination. If you have a
Question: How much money do I need to have saved up for retirement? Answer: I wrote a spreadsheet (<< it may not be obvious - this is a link to
Question: 23 and on my own, what should I be doing? Answer: You are doing Great! But you might want to read a couple of books and do some studying
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: There's an old saying among commodities producers... If it's likely to happen, but won't kill you, you hedge (save/"self-insure", options, futures). If it's not likely
Question: Does it make sense to talk about an ETF or index in terms of technical indicators? Answer: With the disclaimer that I am not a technician, I'd answer yes,
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: When you are investing for 40 years, you will have taxable events before retirement. You'll
Question: Where to start with personal finance? Answer: This Stack Exchange site is a nice place to find answers and ask questions. Good start! Moving away from the recursive answer...
Question: Why won't my retirement account let me write a "covered put"? Answer: A broker does not have to allow the full trading suite the regulations permit. From brokersXpress: Do
Question: Are buyouts always for higher than the market value of a stock? Answer: 1) Yes, buyouts are always higher than the trading price. 2) ANYTHING can be negotiated. There
Question: How to graph the market year over year? for example Dow Jones Index Answer: Instead of using the actual index, use a mutual fund as a proxy for the
Question: Motley fool says you can make $15,978 more per year with Social Security. Is this for real? Answer: The purpose of this spammy Motley Fool video ad is to
Question: Life insurance policy Answer: First off, I would question why do you need a LI policy? While you may be single are you supporting anyone? If not, and you
Question: Can value from labor provided to oneself be taxed? Answer: This is called imputed income, which is generally not taxed in the US.
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: If you're living in a market where some houses are going for $150K over asking, then you
Question: If a company has already IPO'ed and sold its shares, what is the incentive to keep making money? Answer: A company doesn't offer up 100% of its shares to
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: The mortgage and title of the house would be under both your names
Question: Is there any instance where less leverage will get you a better return on a rental property? Answer: There are two obvious cases in which your return is lower
Question: What's my risk of buying a house for a friend and sell back to him? Answer: Risks:
Question: Who should pay taxes in my typical case? Answer: Once you turn 18 you should open an account in your own name and transfer the assets there. Currently your
Question: Get financial reports on Canadian companies Answer: www.sedar.com is the official site that provides access to most public securities documents and information filed by public companies and investment funds
Question: How it actually works? Selling a call on a stock I hold, but has done poor, might the market thinks may rise Answer: You seem to have it right.
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: This may not help with the overall grocery issue, but I find that there are items that I
Question: How much money do I need to have saved up for retirement? Answer: Invest in kids, not pension - they never inflate. Without kids your retirement will be miserable
Question: Website for managing personal cash inflow and outflow, applicable to India? Answer: There are sites in India that offer this, http://www.intuit.in/ is one such site. Apart from this some
Question: Should I include my hard assets as part of my net worth? Answer: If the value of these hard assets is significant you probably have them insured, and for
Question: Can rent be added to your salary when applying for a mortgage? Answer: The days are long gone when offered mortgages were simply based on salary multiples. These days
Question: Would it make sense to take a loan from a relative to pay off student loans? Answer: Would it make sense to take a loan from a relative... Other
Question: Extra cash - go towards mortgage, or stock? Answer: the math makes sense to invest instead of paying down, but... how much would you borrow at 3.5%, to invest
Question: What is the US Fair Tax? Answer: You asked about the challenges. The transition itself is the biggest one. For people to get used to the tax at the
Question: Do I need to file a 1099 form for contractors associated with hobby income? Answer: You are expected to file 1099 for each person you pay $600 a year.
Question: 5/1 ARM: Lifetime cap, First Adjustment Cap, Margin, and Annual Cap? Answer: Interest rates are at a record low and the government is printing money. You can get a
Question: How Do I Fix Excess Contribution Withdrawl Answer: You didn't have a situation of "excess contribution". If you have proof that someone in Fidelity actually told you what you
Question: Will I be paid dividends if I own shares? Answer: What is a dividend? Essentially, for every share of a dividend stock that you own, you are paid a
Question: What is an ideal number of stock positions that I should have in my portfolio? Answer: Honestly? The maximum number really doesn't matter. If you're investing long-term, you buy
Question: Why can Robin Hood offer trading without commissions? Answer: All discount brokers offer a commission structure that is based on the average kind of order that their target audience
Question: How should residents of smaller economies allocate their portfolio between domestic and foreign assets? Answer: why should I have any bias in favour of my local economy? The main
Question: What can cause rent prices to fall? Answer: In Memphis, Tn., rents were stabilized from falling in the recession because all the foreclosed on home owners added to the
Question: Why pay estimated taxes? Answer: In addition to the other answers, which cover the risks of what is essentially leveraged investing, I'd like to point out that the 2.6%
Question: How can the Samsung Upgrade Programme offer 0% APR? Answer: This is more a question about economics than about personal finance. The answer, though, is straight-forward. Samsung makes enough
Question: Is there lesser or no tax on assets? Answer: US federal tax law distinguishes many types of income. For most people, most of their income is "earned income", money
Question: Is it possible to get life insurance as a beneficiary before the person insured dies? Answer: Generally no. It does not make sense for insurance company to alter terms
Question: What kind news or information would make the price of a stock go up? Answer: There is a highly related question which is much easier to answer: what normally
Question: Timing between loans and applying for a new credit card Answer: There were several areas where the mortgage and car loan have affected your credit. The mortgage had the
Question: Why liquidity implies tight spread and low slippage Answer: You have just answered your question in the last sentence of your question: More volume just means more people are
Question: Will I, as a CS student, be allowed to take loans for paying the fees of Ivy Leagues? Answer: I would be surprised if a bank cared about an
Question: Can you recommend some good websites/brokers for buying/selling stocks in India? Answer: There are quite a few online brokers ... All of these have different pricing structure and the
Question: What exactly is a "derivative"? Answer: A derivative in finance is simply any asset whose value is based on the value of another asset or based on the value
Question: Why do card processing companies discourage "cash advance" activities Answer: Square does not care if you run a $10 transaction to test the system. They are concerned with its
Question: What happens if my order exceeds the bid or ask sizes? Answer: You should check with your broker. I asked my broker a similar question just 2 weeks ago.
Question: What is the correct answer for percent change when the start amount is zero dollars $0? Answer: What is the probability of a real occasion (meaning not just an
Question: Can I cash a cashier's check at any bank? Answer: At least in the US, a Cashier's Check is just like a regular personal check - only it's guaranteed
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: Technically, the difference between dividends and growth ought to be that dividends can be reinvested in stocks
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: Of course, it is a scam. Regardless of how the scam might work, you already know that the person on the other
Question: If I pay someone else's property taxes, can I use it as a deduction on my income tax return? Answer: According to page 107 of the instructions for schedule
Question: Why does 'further borrowing' always mean permanent extra mortgage accounts? Answer: It is possible to consolidate mortgages with Nationwide, in some circumstances. Quote from their website: It is possible
Question: Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it? Answer: In your situation I suggest: In terms of what to spend it on, one tax preparer I knew said
Question: What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out? Answer: From personal experience: Loan Impact It does impact your ability to take out
Question: What college degree should I pursue to learn about stock and forex markets? Answer: Financial Economics, although, as I understand it, not all colleges offer this major.
Question: Should I collect receipts after paying with a card? Answer: It is probably safe to throw away the receipt. Without a system to process and store receipts, they are
Question: Formation of S-Corp for Gambling Trade Answer: You probably don't need S-Corp. There's no difference between what you can deduct on your Schedule C and what you can deduct
Question: I am not VAT registered. Do I need to buy from my supplier with excl VAT prices or incl VAT? Answer: If an item costs 10 excluding VAT, and
Question: How to treat miles driven to the mechanic, gas station, etc when calculating business use of car? Answer: I contacted Stephen Fishman, J.D., the author of Home Business Tax
Question: How to calculate the rate of return on selling a stock? Answer: If annualized rate of return is what you are looking for, using a tool would make it
Question: Sales Tax: Rounded Then Totaled or Totaled Then Rounded? Answer: You should total the items first, to get $3.00, then add the tax, then round up/down accordingly. Your two
Question: Want to buy above market price? Answer: Buy and sell orders always include the price at which you buy/sell. That's how the market prices for stocks are determines. So
Question: Am I able to conduct a private sale of public shares at a price that I determine? Answer: Yes, you can do that, but you have to have the
Question: Do tax-exempt bond fund earnings need to be reported on taxes? Answer: At the end of the year, the mutual fund company sends you a statement like any other
Question: How to report "foreign tax paid" from 1099-DIV? Answer: You can always take deduction for foreign tax paid on Schedule A, or calculate foreign tax credit using form 1116.
Question: How to invest in gold at market value, i.e. without paying a markup? Answer: if you bought gold in late '79, it would have taken 30 years to break
Question: Tax implications of holding EWU (or other such UK ETFs) as a US citizen? Answer: You will not be able to continue filing with TurboTax if you invest in
Question: If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them? Answer: In the event of an audit, you AND your friends need to have already
Question: Balance Sheets: How a company can save money for further investments Answer: A company CAN hold on to money. This is called retained earnings. Not all money is due
Question: Stocks: do Good Till Cancelled orders get executed during after hours? Answer: When I place an order with Scottrade I also have to specify if I am wanting to
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: Owning more than 50% of a company's stock normally gives you the
Question: If a mutual fund did really well last year, then statistically speaking, is it likely going to do bad this year? Answer: Nearly all long-lived active funds underperform the
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: I think playing certain kinds of lottery is as economically sound as buying certain kinds
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: All very good answers for the most part, but I have a definition for Good and Bad debt
Question: Receiving important daily wires from abroad? Answer: You can receive all the Money in your Bank. By Problem if you mean whether it will raise any alarms at the
Question: Advice for college student: Should I hire a financial adviser or just invest in index funds? Answer: Exactly what you do with the money depends on various personal choices
Question: Is dividend included in EPS Answer: EPS is often earnings/diluted shares. That is counting shares as if all convertible securities (employee stock options for example) were converted. Looking at
Question: What are my investment options in real estate? Answer: I compared investing in real estate a few years ago to investing in stocks that paid double digit dividends (hard
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: Here's what my wife and I did. First, we stopped using credit cards and got rid of all other expenses that
Question: Is there any kind of unsecured stock loan? Answer: buy an option, they cost less and let you buy shares in the future at the price you see now.
Question: Once stock prices are down, where to look for good stock market deals? Answer: Indexes are down during the summer time, and I don't think it has something to
Question: What is the purpose of a Share owner services? Answer: Wells Fargo Shareowner Services main job is as a Transfer Agent and Dividend Paying Agent. They work on behalf
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: First, this was never an arrangement for you
Question: How to refuse a Clearxchange payment? Answer: Your bank uses ClearXchange, not you. It is not a website where you open an account, like many others, but an inter-bank
Question: US Banks offering Security Tokens in 2012 Answer: I'm looking for another one right now. Here's what I've found: Los Alamos National Bank (www.lanb.com) has tokens ($5?), but I
Question: Should I learn to do my own tax? Answer: Interesting. When you say DIY you mean pencil and paper. For most of us the choice came down to using
Question: Do I have to explain the source of *all* income on my taxes? Answer: Do I have to explain the source of all income on my taxes? "Yes, you
Question: How do the wealthy pay for things? Answer: I was once the personal assistant to two wealthy NYC sisters. They did not pay for anything. For example, if we
Question: Diversify my retirement investments with a Roth IRA Answer: Yep, most 401k options suck. You'll have access to a couple dozen funds that have been blessed by the organization
Question: Do large market players using HFT make it unsafe for individual investors to be in the stock market? Answer: In some senses, any answer to this question is going
Question: My tenant wants to pay rent through their company: Should this raise a red flag? Answer: Maybe you should consider setting up a Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) for your
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: A lot of people here talk about shorting stocks, buying options, and messing around with leveraged ETFs.
Question: Why would I want a diversified portfolio, versus throwing my investments into an index fund? Answer: Index funds are well-known to give the best long-term investment. Not exactly. Indexes
Question: Is debt almost always the cause of crashes and recessions? Answer: While debt increases the likelihood and magnitude of a crash, speculation, excess supply and other market factors can
Question: Bank statements - should I retain hardcopies for tax or other official purposes (or keep digital scanned copies)? Answer: I am in the United States. There is no need
Question: How to bet against IPOs? Answer: There are 2 primary ways to bet against a stock if you think it will decline. The first is to short sell shares
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: My own simple answer is that it will affect and reduce productivity (e.g. Zimbabwe). it will also cause inflation
Question: Is it better to use DRIP or invest when stock drops before ex-date? Answer: The benefit of a dividend reinvestment program is you, generally, don't pay transaction costs or
Question: Question about car loan payment Answer: You can earn significantly more than 0.99% in the stock market. I'd pay the $450/month and invest the rest in a (relatively conservative)
Question: How can I investigate historical effect of Rebalancing on Return and Standard Deviation? Answer: Doesn't "no rebalancing" mean "start with a portfolio and let it fly?" Seems like incorporation
Question: How do I find a good mutual fund to invest 5K in with a moderately high amount of risk? Answer: Vanguard has a lot of mutual fund offerings. (I
Question: How can I calculate a "running" return using XIRR in a spreadsheet? Answer: I could not figure out a good way to make XIRR work since it does not
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Basically, in any financial system that features fractional reserve banking, the monetary supply expands during
Question: Direct access to the currency exchange market Answer: Is my observation that the currency exchange market is indirect correct? Is there a particular reason for this? Why isn't currency
Question: Using P/E Ratio of an ETF to decide on asset mix Answer: P/E is a useful tool for evaluating the price of a company, but only in comparison to
Question: Are dividends the only thing linking stocks to corporate performance? Answer: There is certainly an obligation in some cases of a company to distribute profit, either as dividend or
Question: taxes, ordinary income, and adjusted cost basis for RSUs Answer: What happened is that they do not track (and report) your original cost basis for 1099-B purposes. That is
Question: Job Offer - Explain Stock Options [US] Answer: Since the 2 existing answers addressed the question as asked. Let me offer a warning. You have 10,000 options at $1.
Question: What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK] Answer: CashBase has a web app, an iPhone app and an Android app, all sync'ed up. It doesn't
Question: Definition of "secular" in the context of markets? Answer: According to Wikipedia: In the finance industry, something done on a secular basis is done on a long-term basis, not
Question: Will a Barclaycard Visa help me in building up credit score? Answer: Payment history is probably the most significant contributor to your credit score. Having a solid history of
Question: How come the government can value a home more than was paid for the house? Answer: The real answer why the government is "allowed" to do something is because
Question: What to do with a distribution as a young person? Answer: I highly recommend passive investing through something like betterment (www.betterment.com) or vanguard's ETFs. FutureAdvisor.com can provide some good
Question: Contract job (hourly rate) as a 1099: How much would I be making after taxes? Answer: In addition to taking into account your deductions, as mentioned by @bstpierre, you
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: You seem to underestimate the risk of this
Question: Investment strategies for young adults with entrepreneurial leanings? Answer: If you are an entrepreneur, and you are looking forward to strike on your own ( the very definition of
Question: Buying a house for a shorter term Answer: There are two main factors at play to consider. Also, realize that no advice is universal. You need to evaluate your
Question: How can I transfer and consolidate my 401k's and other options? Answer: You should ask your broker of choice for paperwork to move funds to them. You can't move
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: An advantage of using a major credit card is that they act as a buffer and source of recourse between you
Question: Why an inner suburbs small apartment considered a risky investment Answer: The banks see small apartments as a higher risk because usually very small apartments are harder to sell,
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: A Tweep friend asked me a similar question. In her case it was in
Question: Pensions, annuities, and "retirement" Answer: There are broadly two kinds of pension: final salary / defined benefit, and money purchase. The text you quote above, where it talks about
Question: Are multiple hard inquiries for a specific loan type okay? Answer: Assuming I don't need any other new lines of credit, can I get pre-qualified repeatedly (and with different
Question: If a company I bought stock in was de-listed but is now listed again under a new symbol, what happened to my shares? Answer: If the company went bankrupt,
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: Etiquette doesn't really come into the picture here.
Question: What would happen if the Euro currency went bust? Answer: The result would be catastrophic. The almost-reserve currency would collapse which would produce a medium sized depression, perhaps same
Question: Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies? Answer: I would not take this personal loan. Let's look closer at your options. Currently, you are paying $1100
Question: How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock? Answer: I agree with the other comments that you should not buy/hold your company stock
Question: Should I use put extra money toward paying off my student loans or investing in an index fund? Answer: Yes, it's a risk. To put it in perspective, If
Question: Should I get a auto loan to diversify my credit lines if I have the cash to pay upfront Answer: There is no need to get an auto loan
Question: Questrade - What happens if I buy U.S. stock with Canadian money? Answer: The reason it's not automatic is that Questrade doesn't want to force you to convert in
Question: Are parking spaces and garage boxes a good investment? Answer: If the company that owns the lot is selling them it is doing so because it feels it will
Question: Home Renovations are expensive.. Should I only pay cash for them? Answer: I have a different take on this. If it would only take 3 months to save up
Question: What happens to dividends on stock held in TFSA or RRSP account? Answer: For an RRSP, you do not have to pay taxes on money or investments until you
Question: Is it accurate to say that if I was to trade something, my probability of success can't be worse than random? Answer: If i do this, I would assume
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: Say the price is $200K. Would I, as a real estate investor, want to buy such
Question: When a stock price goes down, does the money just disappears into thin air? Answer: Cash changes hands when you buy or sell the stock. While you own the
Question: Market index analysis and techniques Answer: Volume and prices are affected together by how folks feel about the stock; there is no direct relationship between them. There are no
Question: U.S. nonresident alien: Is my state tax refund taxable? Answer: Federal income tax refunds received during 2016 are not taxable income for 2016 (or any other year) on either
Question: Why do employer contributions count against HSA limits? Answer: It's going to be quite a challenge to give a definitive answer to any "Why" question about law, and especially
Question: Why are some long term investors so concerned about their entry price? Answer: If you think of it in terms of trying to get an annual return on your
Question: Should you check to make sure your employer is paying you the correct superannuation amount? [Australia] Answer: As poolie mentioned, you should get online access to your account. This
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: For the same reason you wanted it when you bought it. No-one guarantees that you'll be able to sell the
Question: What is the best use of "spare" money? Answer: Congratulations! You're making enough money to invest. There are two easy places to start: I recommend against savings accounts because
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: Millionaire, Shmillionaire! Let's do this calculation Bruno Mars style (I wanna be a Billionaire...)
Question: Buy securities at another stock exchange Answer: In a simple statement, no doesn't matter. Checked on my trade portal, everything lines up. Same ISIN, same price(after factoring in FX
Question: Home Renovations are expensive.. Should I only pay cash for them? Answer: It depends on your situation. If your floor is broken, fix it. If you don't have $1,000
Question: Optimize return of dividends based on payout per share Answer: What you're referring to is the yield. The issue with these sorts of calculations is that the dividend isn't
Question: Resources to begin trading from home? Answer: Since then I had gotten a job at a supermarket stocking shelves, but recently got fired because I kept zoning out at
Question: What reason would a person have to use checks in stores? Answer: Here's another rational reason: Discount. This typically works only in smaller stores, where you're talking directly to
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: Some basic thoughts, mostly on fairness. I guess the answer doesn't really fit this site, it's more about ethics, but
Question: What causes US Treasury I bond fixed interest to increase? Answer: The Fed is trying to keep the money supply growing at a rate just slightly faster than the
Question: How to handle two K-1 forms from same company? Answer: Just type in the forms as they are, separately. That would be the easiest way both to enter the
Question: How can someone invest in areas that require you to be an accredited investor [without qualifying as an accredited investor]? Answer: Unfortunately it is not possible for an ordinary
Question: Why was my Credit Limit Increase Denied? Answer: I think they gave you the answer: You haven't previously shown that you can run that particular card up to (near)
Question: What are my chances at getting a mortgage with Terrible credit but High income Answer: With bad credit but good income, I would simply save a large down payment.
Question: FICA was not withheld from my paycheck Answer: Should I have a W-2 re-issued? A W-2 can be corrected and a new copy will be filed with the IRS
Question: Is it sensible to redirect retirement contributions from 401(k) towards becoming a landlord? Answer: This is going to seem pretty far off the beaten path, but I hope when
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: If you take a loan, you make a contract with your lender, let's call them "bank"
Question: Why invest in becoming a landlord? Answer: why does it make sense financially to buy property and become a landlord? Because then your investment generates cash instead of just
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: Even though this is really a psychology question, I'll try to give you an answer. You do
Question: W8-BEN for an Indian Citizen Answer: For filling out the W8-BEN form, please refer to the instructions in the document named: Instructions for Form W-8BEN Certificate of Foreign Status
Question: What governs the shape of price history graphs? Answer: I agree with @Turukawa that the x-axes need to be the same to make a direct comparison. However, the graphs
Question: Withdrawing cash from investment: take money from underperforming fund? Answer: I think that Bob has good reasons for his planned spending and should follow his plan, not the dubious
Question: How do I choose between buying a car or buying a plot of land in Pakistan? Answer: "The plot of land definitely is going to give better results in
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: Buying lotteries tickets makes you the fish not the fisher. Just like casinos or drugs. If you like, you can
Question: Purchasing first car out of college Answer: I respectfully disagree with @JohnFX's comment regarding new vs used. (John knows what is talking about though; he gave an awesome answer
Question: How can risk-reward relationship exist, since the losses due to the risk should offset the reward? Answer: Risk in finance is defined as standard deviation of returns. This is
Question: Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes? Answer: I think the best advice you're going to get on the subject is: If you made $250k in half
Question: Is it common for a new car of about $16k to be worth only $4-6k after three years? Answer: It's possible the $16,000 was for more than the car.
Question: When is Cash Value Life Insurance a good or bad idea? Answer: The standard answer I have heard is that if you were to purchase term life insurance and
Question: Does the IRS give some help or leniency to first-time taxpayers? Answer: No, there is no special leniency given to first time tax payers. In general, this shouldn't be
Question: If a fund holds stocks paying dividends and doesn't give a payout, is it necessarily re investing those dividends? Answer: It is not necessary that the mutual fund pays
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: If you already have 500k in a Schwab brokerage account, go see your Schwab financial consultant.
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: The market doesn't know or care why you bought.
Question: When to sell a stock? Answer: Keep a diary, before buying write down why are you buying the stock, how long do you plan to keep it. Put down
Question: Determining the minimum dividend that should be paid from my S corporation Answer: There are no dividends from S-Corp. There are distributions. Big difference. S-Corps fill form 1120S and
Question: How can I increase my hourly pay as a software developer? Answer: It's a tough thing to do. You should look for a salaried position. Your freelance skills will
Question: In the event of a corporate spin-off, how can I calculate the correct cost basis for each company's shares? Answer: From my understanding: Original Holding: Siemens - 10,000 units
Question: Why don't people generally save more of their income? Answer: This question is likely to be voted closed as opinion-based. That said - In general people have become accustomed
Question: How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)? Answer: To be confident in your solution, and get the best solution for you, consult
Question: HELOC vs. Parental Student Loans vs. Second Mortgage? Answer: Thank God you have your child back, it is so awesome that you finally found a medical treatment that worked.
Question: How to trade "exotic" currencies? Answer: Use a currency ETF. there are many. Specific to your question there is WisdomTree Dreyfus Brazilian Real Fund (BZF) I don't happen to
Question: What are the pitfalls of loaning money to friends or family? Is there a right way to do it? Answer: The big problem with lending money to friends and
Question: What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK] Answer: My Finances is a personal finance app for iPhone and iPad. The app uses iCloud to sync
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: I use MoneyStrands.com to manage my spending. It's a lot like Mint, but provides support
Question: Why is economic growth so important? Answer: One of the best answers to this question that I've ever read is in a paper published by Robert Lucas in the
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: Let's say that you bought a share of Apple for $10. When (if ever) their stock sold for $10,
Question: Personal loan to a friend procedure Answer: If this isn't a case where you would be willing to forgive the debt if they can't pay, it's a business transaction,
Question: How does the wash sale rule work in this situation? Answer: The way the wash sale works is your loss is added to your cost basis of the buy.
Question: What happens to bonds values when interest rates rise? [duplicate] Answer: It depends a lot on your investment period and the quality of the bonds that you want to
Question: Is unrealized gain part of asset? Answer: There's an expression, "stock prices have no memory." Apple trades at about $115. Why would I carry my shares at anything but
Question: How do you translate a per year salary into a part-time per hour job? Answer: There is no fixed formulae, its more of how much you can negotiate Vs
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: This doesn't say the whole story (like the length of the HELOC). if you have 15 years left on
Question: Buy securities at another stock exchange Answer: Yes, it does matter very much. There's a thing called fungible instruments. These are the instruments where it doesn't matter. E.g. most
Question: Does a US LLC need to file taxes if owned by a foreign citizen? Answer: An LLC does not pay taxes on profits. As regards tax a LLC is
Question: What prevents interest rates from rising? Answer: To protect yourself from an increase in interest rates get a fixed rate loan. The loan terms: interest rate, number of payments,
Question: Can I sell my home with owner financing when I still have an FHA loan? (and should I?) Answer: You have to pay off the balance on the loan
Question: How do government bond yields work? Answer: Why does the rising price of a bond pushes it's yield down? The bond price and its yield are linked; if one
Question: If I put in a limit order for the same price and size as someone else, which order goes through? Answer: While littleadv's answer is true for many exchanges
Question: Calculating return on a series of stock positions with multiple uneven transactions Answer: Generally if you are using FIFO (first in, first out) accounting, you will need to match
Question: what is the point of the part b late enrollment penalty? Answer: The point of the enrollment penalty is basically the same as the ACA penalty. Any sort of
Question: What is the best way to get a "rough" home appraisal prior to starting the refinance process? Answer: I see your remarks regarding Zillow, but would add a question.
Question: How can I predict which way mortgage rates are moving? Answer: Mortgage rates generally consist of two factors: The risk premium is relatively constant for a particular individual /
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: A major danger of keeping "emergency" funds in the form of stocks is that many of the
Question: What are the pros and cons of investing in a closed-end fund? Answer: The pros and cons of investing in a closed end fund both stem from the fact
Question: What to do with a 50K inheritance [duplicate] Answer: My grandma left a 50K inheritance You don't make clear where in the inheritance process you are. I actually know
Question: How to keep control of shared expenses inside marriage? Answer: Why not start a third account, the "house" account? However you decide to fund it, equally or in proportion
Question: Consolidate my debt? Higher APR, but what does that actually mean? Answer: does that mean that 30% of my monthly payment goes to interest? No, it's much worse then
Question: Which is the most liquid market for trading? Answer: Depends on how you measure liquidity. There's papers out there that approach this very question. Measured in order book spreads
Question: Setting up general ledger/tax reporting for a Real Estate Rental LLC in GnuCash Answer: No, GnuCash doesn't specifically provide a partner cash basis report/function. However, GnuCash reports are fairly
Question: Investing in dividend-yielding stocks with money borrowed from margin account? Answer: Is it safe to invest in a portfolio of dividend stocks yielding 7-9% with the money borrowed at
Question: Are junk bonds advisable to be inside a bond portfolio that has the objective of generating stable income for a retiree? Answer: I let someone else pick and chose
Question: Investor returns from crowdfunding Answer: Crowdfunding can be a legitimate means of funding very small startups. It is an innovative, but obviously risky, method of raising small amounts of
Question: Selling on eBay without PayPal? Answer: It's been a short while since I sold on eBay, but I had a feedback rating of about 4,500 so I've done a
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I recently rejected an offer at a different firm that would have provided a 14k yearly increase. The
Question: Is it smarter to buy a small amount of an ETF every 2 or 3 months, instead of monthly? Answer: By not timing the market and being a passive
Question: Do I have to explain the source of *all* income on my taxes? Answer: As a gift, the responsibility lays with the giver to file a 709 with their
Question: Cost basis allocation question: GM bonds conversion to stock & warrants Answer: Your final tax basis could not be determined until June 14, 2012, the first day of separate
Question: Is my mother eligible for SNAP? Answer: If she lives by herself, my guess would be that she qualifies as a household of one. Either way, her monthly income
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: First you have to understand that insurance is basically a social system, just with Shareholders. Insurance
Question: Diversify my retirement investments with a Roth IRA Answer: Without making specific recommendations, it is worthwhile to point out the differing tax treatments for a Roth IRA: investments in
Question: The life cycle of money Answer: I'll answer but avoiding discussion of M1, M2 etc, too pedantic. I don't believe you are asking about the lifetime of either coins
Question: Helping my family sell their oil stocks. What to buy? Answer: *("Fee-only" meaning the only money they make is the fee your folks pay directly; no kickbacks from financial
Question: Can I write off time spent learning my trade - Two-Man S-Corp Answer: I'm not sure what you mean by "writing off your time," but to answer your questions:
Question: What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into "emergencies" but are not covered by an Emergency Fund? Answer: Extended illness/disability that prevents you from being able
Question: Start Investing - France Answer: You mention you have an LDD. If your income is below a certain threshold (as of today, 19 255  a year for a
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: Congratulations on seeing your situation clearly! That's half the battle. To prevent yourself from going back into debt, you should get
Question: Clothing Store Credit Card Account closed but not deleted Answer: They close accounts to render them inoperative. They never delete accounts because they want to retain the data to
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: Consistently beating the market by picking stocks is hard. Professional fund managers can't really do it -- and
Question: Can my brother fix his credit? Answer: In a nutshell, not really. That's the risk you take when you co-sign for someone. The lender only made the loan because
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: You remind me a lot of myself as I was thinking about marriage. Luckily for me, my wife was much
Question: How can this be enough to fund a scholarship in perpetuity? Answer: The Trinity study looked at 'safe' withdrawal rates from retirement portfolios. They found it was safe to
Question: What does net selling or buying of a stock mean? Answer: What does it mean when some one says that today there was a lot of net selling or
Question: How long should I keep an uncleared transaction in my checkbook? Answer: With a check, there are limits on cashing the stale check, but that is set by the
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: There are some calculators that you can use to figure out the best approach, such as this one by CNN.
Question: What happens if a company I have stock in is bought out? Answer: I've seen many buyouts in my own portfolio, including the company I worked for. There have
Question: How do I report this cash bonus/tip on income tax return? Answer: Employers are not supposed to give cash gifts to their employees, even if you try to call
Question: What is an effective way to invest in electric car industry? Answer: You could have googled this question. I did so and found a link to this article. YMMV
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: There are many other good answers here, but I just wanted to note that it could be
Question: Why do I not see goods and services all change their price when inflation is high? Answer: How high is high? In countries that suffered hyperinflation such as the
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: It's a gift if there are no strings attached. If you are rationalizing
Question: Effect of company issued options on share price Answer: A company has 100,000 shares and 100,000 unexercised call options (company issued). Share price and strike price both at $1.
Question: Can value from labor provided to oneself be taxed? Answer: I've heard of handyman type people making a living this way untaxed. They move into a fixer-upper, fix it
Question: Choose online stock trading companies Answer: Lower fees are always better, everything else equal. A lower fee makes your transaction overall a better deal, all else equal. Other transactions
Question: Does an option trading below parity always indicate an arbitrage opportunity? Answer: Defining parity as "parity is the amount by which an option is in the money", I'd say
Question: Is it taxable if someone return me money? Answer: The $10,000 is not taxable to either of you, but the $500 is taxable income to you - and a
Question: Which countries allow eChecks? Answer: eChecks (and ACH) are a (desperate?) try of the US banking system to get into the 21st century. All EU countries (and some others)
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: To add technical detail to other answers, your (and some commenters') estimates of storing that data is woefully
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: Victor, Yes the drop in price does completely cancel the dividend
Question: What factors go into choosing residency? Answer: A couple of thoughts. Tax benefits are the usual reasons to decide on one residency or another. International tax law is complex,
Question: Stock Option Value correlated to net worth of company Answer: There are a LOT of variables at play here, so with the info you've provided we can't give you
Question: Should I early exercise unvested ISOs when the FMV is above the strike price? Answer: In the question you cited, I assumed immediate exercise, that is why you understood
Question: What happens if a purchase is $0.02 in Canada? Answer: I'd imagine in this extreme edge case it would round down to $0. I can't fathom what makes $10.02
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: The word "good" was used in contrast to "bad" but these words are misused here. There are three
Question: Can I rollover an "individual retirement annuity" to an IRA? Answer: You are not allowed to take a retirement account and move it into the beneficiary's name, an inherited
Question: Can I deduct interest and fees on a loan for qualified medical expenses? Answer: IRS Publication 502: Medical expenses are the costs of diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention
Question: Calculating pay off for credit card with multiple APRs Answer: The first thing you need to do is look at your terms and conditions of your credit card, or
Question: What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? Answer: More possible considerations: Comparability with other properties. Maybe properties that rent for $972 have more amenities than this
Question: Homeowners: How can you protect yourself from a financial worst-case scenario? Answer: Think about your priorities in life. Everybody is a little different. In my case I have a
Question: What to do when a job offer is made but with a salary less than what was asked for? Answer: What's relevant to whether you accept the offer should
Question: Is real (physical) money traded during online trading? Answer: I asked a followup question on the Islam site. The issue with Islam seems to be that exchanging money for
Question: Where to find Vanguard Index Funds? Answer: You cannot actually buy an index in the true sense of the word. An index is created and maintained by a company
Question: How do you determine "excess cash" for Enterprise Value calculations from a balance sheet? Answer: You're not missing anything. Excess cash is somewhat of a nebulous concept. To different
Question: How to get a down payment for your next home? Use current home as the down payment on the new one? Answer: This is of course a perfectly normal
Question: Can I account for start-up costs that occur before incorporation? Answer: Yes you can. You should talk to your tax advisor re the specific expenditures that can be accounted
Question: What effect would sovereign default of a European country have on personal debt or a mortgage? Answer: If the default happens through mass monetary inflation rather than openly ("We're
Question: How Does A Special Memorandum Account Work Answer: The Margin Account holds the funds that are MUST for any margin trades. Any funds excess of the MUST for margin
Question: Are REIT worth it and is it a good option to generate passive income for a while? Answer: One way is to think of a REIT as a fully
Question: Options revisited: Gold fever Answer: Your plan already answers your own question in the best possible way: If you want to be able to make the most possible profit
Question: Diversification reduces risk, but does this base on the assumption that expected return of each asset is always in proportion to its risk? Answer: if I have a asset
Question: What is the options industry changing about option symbols in February, 2010? Answer: The change is generally known as the Options Symbology Initiative (or "OSI") and there is a
Question: How decreasing the prime interest rate helps to offset decreasing oil prices Answer: You may be missing how countries like Canada may have oil be more of the GDP
Question: Is the stock market a zero-sum game? Answer: No, the stock market and investing in general is not a zero sum game. Some types of trades are zero sum
Question: Can paying down a mortgage be considered an "investment"? Answer: Let's start from the premise that the mortgage is something you will have anyway because you need it to
Question: What is a stock warrant? How do warrants work? Answer: In general, a warrant is a security issued by a company allowing the holder to purchase a certain number
Question: When do I sell a stock that I hold as a long-term position? Answer: If you are already invested in a particular stock, I like JoeTaxpayer's answer. Think about
Question: How to get the lowest mortgage rate on a new purchase? Answer: Start with the bank where you have your checking and savings account. They can streamline some of
Question: Can mutual fund prices have opening gaps? Might my order to be filled at a higher price? Answer: Mutual funds don't work like stocks in that way. The price
Question: Are there limits on frequency of withdrawal from Roth 401K? Answer: Back in the late 80's I had a co-worked do exactly this. In those days you could only
Question: RSU taxation: when am I taxed, and how much? Answer: Restricted Stock Units are different from stock options because instead of buying them at a particular strike price, you
Question: How is not paying off mortgage better in normal circumstances? Answer: One way of looking at it is that your equity in your house is an investment in a
Question: Prices go up and salary doesn't: where goes delta? Answer: One of the byproducts of free trade is that there is now a global labor market. So companies routinely
Question: What is the process through which a cash stock transaction clears? Answer: This is the sad state of US stock markets and Regulation T. Yes, while options have cleared
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: If you do as you propose you are going to get burned. You need to sell, then start to rent. amongst other things. Since 2008,
Question: Where can I find open source portfolio management software? Answer: Take a look at this: http://code.google.com/p/stock-portfolio-manager/ It is an open source project aimed to manage your stock portfolio.
Question: For how long is a draft check valid, and where do the funds sit? Answer: A bank check is drawn on the bank itself. You gave the bank the
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: On thing the questioner should do is review the Summary Plan Description (SPD) for the
Question: What are the benefits of opening an IRA in an unstable/uncertain economy? Answer: Even Gold lost 1/2 of it's value between 1980 and 2000. You would not have fared
Question: If I have AD&D through my employer, should I STILL purchase term life insurance? Answer: I think that mbhunter hit the nail on the head regarding your question. I
Question: Does a disciplined stock investor stick with their original sell strategy, or stay in and make more? Answer: Ask yourself a better question: Under my current investment criteria would
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: YMMV, but I don't accept non-answers like that from HR. Sometimes you need to escalate.
Question: How can banks afford to offer credit card rewards? Answer: There are 3 entities in a credit card transaction; Typically when you swipe for 100, the merchant only gets
Question: Theory/Strategy for pricing by volume Answer: Actually, the rate of change could be more or less constant, but you might have a minimum price that represents your fixed costs.
Question: Withdraw funds with penalty or bear high management fees for 10 years? Answer: To me, it depends. How much are their total assets? Having 10% of your money in
Question: If I go to a seminar held overseas, may I claim my flights on my tax return? Answer: I think you can. I went to Mexico for business and
Question: Why is volatility in a positive direction clubbed in the same risk category as volatility in a negative direction? Answer: Mostly, when an equity's price rises, its statistical and
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: Though it seems unintuitive, you should rationally ignore the
Question: Is equity research from large banks reliable? Answer: They aren't necessarily trustworthy. Many institutions claim to have a "Chinese Wall" between their investment banking arms and analysis arms. In
Question: Funneling money from a Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA using Options: Is my method possible and tax legal? Answer: I am not a lawyer, but I can't think
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I recently was offered $1/hr raise. I turned it down because 1.)I had been looking for other jobs
Question: How to trade large number of shares? Answer: You need to negotiate with your broker to allow you to do more exotic order types. One in particular I recommend
Question: How can online trading platforms be trustworthly? Answer: In most countries trading platforms are legally required to be overseen by a regulator, in the US this is the SEC
Question: Online tools for monitoring my portfolio gains/losses in real time? Answer: This functionality is widely available, not only on brokerage sites, but also financial management and even financial information
Question: Why does money value normally decrease? Answer: Your house doesn't need to multiply in order to earn a return. Your house can provide shelter. That is not money, but
Question: How does owning a home and paying on a mortgage fit into family savings and investment? Answer: Like @littleadv, I don't consider a mortgage on a primary residence to
Question: What benefits do "title search companies" have over physically visiting a land records offices? Answer: Basically what @littleadv said, but let me amplify what I think is the most
Question: How will going from 75% Credit Utilization to 0% Credit Utilization affect my credit score? Answer: I wrote an article about FICO scoring which shows that 30% of your
Question: Tax considerations for outsourcing freelance work to foreign country Answer: If you're paying a foreign person directly - you submit form 1042 and you withhold the default (30%) amount
Question: Have my parents been bilked? If so, what to do? Answer: If they made deposits 20 years ago, and none since, the S&P is up over 300% since then.
Question: Who could afford a higher annual deductible who couldn't afford a higher monthly payment? Answer: It's simple. Most people don't spend $6000 a year in medical care. As for
Question: American living abroad and not working for an American company - tax reporting and bank accounts Answer: I'll add a bit to Paul's excellent write up. Foreign Earned Income
Question: Stock Trade Transaction Fee - at what point is it worth it Answer: I'm going to assume that you want to be invested all the time and each trade
Question: I have $100,000 in play money what to do? Answer: As you have already good on your retirement kitty. Assuming you have a sufficient cash for difficult situations, explore
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: Here's my attempt at "Options for Kids" "Hey kid... So you have this video game that
Question: Will getting a new credit card and closing another affect my credit? Answer: Several events will always result in a reduction of your score, including: These will show up
Question: Is engaging in stocks without researching unwise? Answer: If you don't want to do the deep research on each individual company, you might want to look at index funds
Question: What does PMI mean? Answer: Private Mortgage Insurance. It's money that you pay to an insurance company to make the lender whole in the event that you go into
Question: How do I manage my portfolio as stock evaluation criteria evolve? Answer: Unfortunately I believe there is not a good answer to this because it's not a well posed
Question: Are long-term bonds risky assets? Answer: AAA bonds are safe, as far as the principal goes. If you buy long term bonds today (at very low rates) and the
Question: Buy index mutual fund or build my own? Answer: You better buy an ETF that does the same, because it would be much cheaper than mutual fund (and probably
Question: Advice on preserving wealth in a volatile economic/political country Answer: I suggest that you're really asking questions surrounding three topics: (1) what allocation hedges your risks but also allows
Question: Is an interest-only mortgage a bad idea? Answer: It's an interesting question, and one that has a few tentacles. A few thoughts come to mind: There's nothing wrong per
Question: Changing Bank Account Number regularly to reduce fraud Answer: We change it every so often to reduce fraud. If you're absolutely sure you didn't just send money to a
Question: Buying a home with down payment from family as a "loan" Answer: Say you're buying a 400K house. Your relative finances 120K (30%). Say I'm optimistic, but the real-estate
Question: Would it make sense to sell a stock, then repurchase it for tax purposes? Answer: What you're talking about is called "tax gain harvesting," and it is considered good
Question: Saving for retirement without employer sponsored plan Answer: Variable Annuities would be one option though there are SEC warnings about them, for an option that is tax-deferred and intended
Question: How to account for a shared mortgage in QuickBooks Online? Answer: What is the corporate structure? Your partnership agreement or LLC operating agreement should dictate how you approach this.
Question: Does Edmunds get a kick-back from the use of Edmunds Price Promise? Answer: Yes, Edmunds gets money from the dealerships in this program. According to this USA Today article
Question: Roth vs. Whole Insurance vs. Cash Answer: Cash/CD's for a house downpayment = Good. Resist the urge to invest this money unless you're not planning on the house for
Question: Does my net paycheck decrease as the year goes on due to tax brackets filling up? Answer: Most countries with income tax, including the USA, design their withholding system
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: The classic definition of inflation is "too much money chasing too few goods." Within a
Question: What are the ramifications of lawsuits over "breaches of fiduciary duty" for the average shareholder? Answer: Mostly these are results of arguments between shareholders. These suits come when shareholders
Question: What is the Average Yield on High-Grade Corporate Bonds as of Now? Answer: Yahoo! Finance would list it as 3.30 for the 20 year corporate AAA bonds. This is
Question: How to negotiate when you have something to give back? Answer: NEVER combine the negotiations for trade-in of an old car and purchase of a new one (and/or financing),
Question: Does a company's stock price give any indication to or affect their revenue? Answer: If the company reported a loss at the previous quarter when the stock what at
Question: Is it true that the price of diamonds is based on a monopoly? Answer: De Beers is the company most cited as the near monopoly. They used to own
Question: Does the P/E ratio not apply to bond ETFs? Answer: The simple answer is technically bonds don't have earnings, hence no P/E. What I think the OP is really
Question: Is business the only way to become a millionaire? Answer: That's actually a pretty good way to get bankrupt quick. You can get rich quick through lottery, gambling, mere
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: Others have already made good points, so I'll just add a few more: You say that
Question: Does revenue equal gross profit for info product business? Answer: What about web-hosting fees? Cost of Internet service? Cost of computer equipment to do the work? Amortized cost of
Question: Is it common for a new car of about $16k to be worth only $4-6k after three years? Answer: It depends completely on the car. Some cars retain their
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: Dividends are one way to discriminate between companies to invest in. In the best of all worlds,
Question: How does shorting ETFs work? What are the costs and tax implications? Answer: No, the expense ratio would be something you wouldn't be charged. If you bought shares of
Question: Can a custodian refuse prior-year IRA/HSA deposit postmarked April 15? Answer: I had a situation like this also. A client deposited an IRA check to his local P.O. prior
Question: What's are the differences between "defined contribution" and "defined benefit" pension plans? Answer: Defined Benefit Plans: Defined benefit plans are disappearing because of their high cost to the companies
Question: To sell or to rent the house? Answer: So either scenario has about $10K upfront costs (either realtor/selling expenses or fixing up for rental). Furthermore, I'm sure that the
Question: What's the difference between Market Cap and NAV? Answer: NAV is how much is the stuff of the company worth divided by the number of shares. This total is
Question: Options strategy - When stocks go opposite of your purchase? Answer: I cannot believe noone mentioned this so far: Every decision you make is independent from previous decisions (that
Question: How to deal with IRS response of no action to 83(b) election? Answer: I think you should consult a professional with experience in 83(b) election and dealing with the
Question: Why real estate investments are compared via "cap rate"? Answer: Cap Rate is the yearly return NOT including your mortgage. Everyone will finance the property differently. From 0% -
Question: Is it a wise decision to sell my ESPP stock based on this situation? Answer: Eric is right regarding the tax, i.e. ordinary income on discount, cap gain treatment
Question: How much will a stock be worth after a merger? Answer: It depends. If you accept the offer, then your stock will cease existing. If you reject the offer,
Question: why if change manufacturing of a product not change the price for the buyer? Answer: In highly developed and competitive industries companies tread a continuous and very fine line
Question: How long should I keep an uncleared transaction in my checkbook? Answer: Typically I'll carry the charge for quite awhile, up to a year. If it hasn't cleared by
Question: How can one protect oneself from a dividend stock with decreasing price? Answer: If by saying you wish to invest "for the long term 5-10 years" I take it
Question: Does the IRS give some help or leniency to first-time taxpayers? Answer: There's no such thing as "leniency" when enforcing the law. Not knowing the law, as you have
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: The bottom line is choosing the right partner. If your partner works as hard as you do, than everything should
Question: Avoiding Capital Gains Long Term Answer: It's correct. Be sure of your personal opportunity cost and not that you're letting the tax tail wag the dog just to score
Question: Why is tax loss harvesting helpful for passive investing? Answer: I wrote a detailed article on Tax Loss Harvesting to show the impact on returns. For my example, I
Question: How do I get a list of the top performing funds between two given dates? Answer: The closest I can think of from the back of my head is
Question: What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage? Answer: The first and most important thing to consider is that this is a BUSINESS TRANSACTION, and needs to be
Question: Are there any other considerations for bonus sacrifice into Pension (UK) Answer: The pension is indeed the clear winner and you haven't missed anything. It's easiest to just compare
Question: How to Buy "Exotic" Bonds as a Low Net Worth Individual? Answer: There are discount brokers which charge lower fees, which ones are accessible to you will depend on
Question: Using Marine Traffic (AIS) to make stock picks? Answer: Since you seem determined to consider this, I'd like to break down for you why I believe it is an
Question: Full-time work + running small side business: Best business structure for taxes? Answer: You should look into an LLC. Its a fairly simple process, and the income simply flows
Question: How can small children contribute to the "family economy"? Answer: If you're trying to teach them the value of money and quantifying the dollar difference between prices, one very
Question: How can I get free or discounted checks for my bank account? Answer: Although not required, #2 would work best if you used magnetic ink... That is an extra
Question: Can I place a stock limit order to buy above the current price? Can I place a stock limit order to sell below the current price? Answer: You are
Question: Stock stopped trading, what does this mean? Answer: You have not lost value. It is just that the shares you owned, are now not tradable on US stock exchanges.
Question: Dad paid cash for house and we want to put it in my name Answer: If your parents are not on the deed then I am not sure how
Question: Valuing a small business to invest in Answer: It should be pretty obvious that without knowing what sort of assets the company owns, and what sort of net earnings
Question: What happened when the dot com bubble burst? Answer: Two big things: In many ways, the early internet people were correct -- in 2011 we are much more productive
Question: How to calculate the value of a bond that is priced to yield X% Answer: The idea is correct; the details are a little off. You need to apply
Question: What are the consequences of not respecting a notice period when leaving a job? Answer: It depends on your employer. They may not care to pursue matters if you
Question: Is there any drawback in putting all my 401K into a money market fund? Answer: Yes. There are huge disadvantages to saving money in a money market account. Money
Question: help with how a loan repayment is calculated Answer: In this case, it looks like the interest is simply the nominal daily interest rate times number of days in
Question: Why is gold not a good investment? Answer: I think what the person meant to say is that Gold is not a one stop solution. There's nothing wrong with
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Switch to cash for a few months. No debit. No credit. This
Question: Are stock purchases on NASDAQ trackable to personal information? Answer: The broker will probably submit records to the IRS, so there isn't anonymity at that level...
Question: Explanations on credit cards in Canada Answer: A credit card is a way to borrow money. That's all. Sometimes the loans are very small - $5 - and sometimes
Question: What is the most effective saving money method? Answer: Envelope budgeting is pretty simple. It's easy enough that you can teach it to children, and flexible enough you can
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: you have 2 concerns: the lender and the irs. either way you should
Question: Can you explain this options calls & puts quote table to me? Answer: (Note: I am omitting the currency units. While I strongly suspect it's US$ I don't know
Question: Does a rescheduled conference call generally mean "something's wrong" with a company? Answer: Does the market automatically assume a rescheduled call means something major, like the auditors aren't signing
Question: Why does the stock market index get affected when a terrorist attack takes place? Answer: There are more than a few different ways to consider why someone may have
Question: Why is the bid-ask spread considered a cost? Answer: As an aside, on most securities with a spread of the minimum tick, there would be no bid ask spread
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: I wish I had started contributing to the pension fund offered by
Question: Settling house with husband during divorce. Which of these two options makes the most sense? Answer: Both are close, but two notes - amiable or not, I'd rather have
Question: How does the person lending shares to the short selller protect themselves if the short sellers are correct? Answer: It is true, as farnsy noted, that you generally do
Question: Is dividend included in EPS Answer: No, dividends are not included in earnings. Companies with no earnings sometimes choose to pay dividends. Paying the dividend does not decrease earnings.
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: I'll take an alternate route: honesty + humor. Say something like this
Question: As a Sole Proprietor, will "employer" Solo 401k contributions count towards gross income? Answer: This seems to depend on what kind of corporation you have set up. If you're
Question: How risky are penny stocks? Answer: Most penny stocks go to zero because most businesses fail. You stated in your original post that you were wondering specifically about companies
Question: How do you declare revenues from YouTube earnings in the USA if you are a minor? Answer: If you receive a 1099-MISC from YouTube, that tells you what they
Question: Why could rental costs for apartments/houses rise while buying prices can go up and down? Answer: I am from Australia, so my answer is based on my experience over
Question: How to decide on split between large/mid/small cap on 401(k) and how often rebalance Answer: I really like keshlam's answer. Your age is also a consideration. If you make
Question: Blog income taxes? Answer: If the money comes to you, then it's income. If the money goes out from you, it's an expense. You get to handle the appropriate
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: This question is different because you are asking for actual advice vs. a more academic,
Question: How much total salary to allocate to defer $17,500 to 401(k)? Answer: You're on the right track, and yes, that small difference is subject to income taxes. Do you
Question: Stock options: what happens if I leave a company and then an acquisition is finalized? Answer: When you exercise your options, you come up with cash to buy the
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: It would be useful to forget about the initial
Question: High expense ratio funds - are they worth it? Answer: In almost every circumstance high expense ratios are a bad idea. I would say every circumstance, but I don't
Question: Does buying and selling a stock OR holding onto it make a company look better? Answer: I have watched the ticker when I have made a transaction. About 
Question: Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"? Answer: It's not necessarily bad but it can cause the stock price to become a lot more volatile. Depends
Question: Bringing money to UK for investment purposes Answer: Transfers of money to the UK for any purpose are not generally taxed, so you can just transfer it here and
Question: Mortgage vs. Cash for U.S. home buy now Answer: I'm in the "big mortgage" camp. Or, to put this another way - what would you be happier to have
Question: Why IV and stock price are inversely related Answer: people are willing to pay higher premiums for options when stocks go down. Obviously the time value and intrinsic value
Question: Is 6% too high to trade stocks on margin? Answer: Yes, 6% is a waste of money, because some other brokers such as IB offer margin rates below 2%.
Question: How can I figure out how a stock's price would change after I buy shares? Answer: It is possible to figure out the next price. Just not for Joe
Question: Why do I get a much better price for options with a limit order than the ask price? Answer: There are usually so many different options around for the
Question: Transfering money from NRE to saving account is taxable or not Answer: Meagrely transferring money within your own accounts doesn't result in any tax, however legally once you are
Question: A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea? Answer: Contrary to most other advise given here, I'd recommend (in your situation) not to invest in
Question: I have around 60K $. Thinking about investing in Oil, how to proceed? Answer: Royalty trusts track oil prices (they're a pure play on ownership of a portfolio of
Question: How can I make a one-time income tax-prepayment to the US Treasury? Answer: You can make estimated tax payments on Form 1040-ES. Most people who make such payments need
Question: How to read a balance sheet to determine if a company has enough money to keep paying their employees? Answer: I heard today while listening to an accounting podcast
Question: Why not just invest in the market? Answer: Most of it is probably due to ignorance and disbelief. A few years ago, I started doing week-long trades with my
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: I can describe the method for determining a price floor, which may help. It starts with looking at the cost
Question: Peer to peer lending in Canada? Answer: Yes and no, P2P Capital Markets is similar concept but is more geared towards business loans. Community Lend used to offer this
Question: Investment property information resources Answer: I personally found the "For Dummies" books, on property investment, very helpful and a great primer. I found them unbiased and very informative, laying
Question: What is the buy-hold-sell indication based on? Answer: To dig a little deeper, a number of analysts within (and without) Reuters are polled for their views on individual stocks
Question: College student - I'm a 'dependent' and my parents won't apply for the Parent PLUS loan or cosign a private loan Answer: My son is in a similar situation
Question: Can a car company refuse to give me a copy of my contract or balance details? Answer: The comments are getting too much, but to verify that you are
Question: Online Foreign Exchange Brokerages: Which ones are good & reputable for smaller trades? Answer: For "smaller trades", I'm not sure you can beat FXCM.com, a large, dedicated FX trading
Question: Low risk withdrawal from market. Is there a converse to dollar-cost-averaging? Answer: When you are a certain age you will be able to tap into your retirement accounts, or
Question: Long term investing alternative to mutual funds Answer: Typically mutual funds will report an annualized return. It's probably an average of 8% per year from the date of inception
Question: Could there be an interest for a company to make their Share price fall? Answer: I'm sure Nintendo made that statement to stem what will clearly be an upset
Question: Average Price of a Stock Answer: I would have to disagree with the other responders. In technical analysis of stock charts, various short and long term moving averages are
Question: When do I sell a stock that I hold as a long-term position? Answer: The psychology of investing is fascinating. I buy a stock that's out of favor at
Question: What are the costs to establish an LLC and to maintain it? Answer: The cost will be around $300-$500 if you do it correctly it in Florida and can
Question: Can a non dividend-paying product (say ETF) suddenly start paying dividends? Answer: Yes, absolutely. Consider Microsoft, Updated Jan. 17, 2003 11:59 p.m. ET Software giant Microsoft Corp., finally bowing
Question: Is stock in a private corporation taxable? Answer: This stock is the same as any other, but you need to keep clear in your head that you and your
Question: A guy scammed me, but he gave me a bank account number & routing number. Can I use that to take out what he owes me? Answer: As long
Question: What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage? Answer: It is pretty simple to avoid risk in home ownership: Do those
Question: Is there a simple strategy of selling stock over a period of time? Answer: The best strategy for RSU's, specifically, is to sell them as they vest. Usually, vesting
Question: More money towards down payment versus long-term investments Answer: One thing that's often overlooked is that cash reserves are also a long-term investment. Anything can be a long-term investment
Question: Are forward curves useful tools for trading decisions and which informations can be gathered from them? Answer: As far as trading is concerned, these forward curves are the price
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: I understand you make money by buying low and selling high. You can also make money by buying high and
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: I'm pretty sure it's merchant-dependent. If a credit card transaction doesn't go
Question: Is it advisable to go for an auto loan if I can make the full payment for a new car? Answer: Without knowing the terms of the company leased
Question: How much time does a doctor's office have to collect balance from me? Answer: They have forever to collect a balance from you. Furthermore they can add whatever penalties
Question: What tax law loophole is Buffet referring to? Answer: A Section 1256 contract is any: Non-equity options include debt options, commodity futures options, currency options, and broad-based stock index
Question: Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day? Answer: Trading at the start of the day is highest because
Question: Do my 401k/Roth accounts benefit from compounding? Answer: Sure, stocks don't pay interest. I just looked up the word "compound" in a couple of dictionaries and the relevant definition
Question: Do "Instant Approved" credit card inquires appear on credit report? Answer: It is not delayed and if it didn't show yet - will not show on that agency's credit
Question: Why divide by ask rate to get the spread? Answer: Mathematically it's arbitrary - you could just as easily use the bid or the midpoint as the denominator, so
Question: Are there any banks in Europe that I can have an account without being in that country? Answer: It can be done, but I believe it would be impractical
Question: Tax implications of restricted stock units Answer: My friend Harry Sit wrote an excellent article No Tax Advantage In RSU. The punchline is this. The day the RSUs vested,
Question: Extended family investment or pay debt and save Answer: It's a matter of opinion. As a general rule, my advice is to take charge of your own investments. Sending
Question: Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"? Answer: Generally speaking, having more institutional investors is a good sign. Of course there are many types of institutions.
Question: How to reconcile these contradictory statements about the effect of volume on stock price? Answer: The first statement is talking about a sudden sharp increase in volume (double or
Question: I have savings and excess income. Is it time for me to find a financial advisor? Answer: Is my financial status OK? If not, how can I improve it?
Question: How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing? Answer: According to this http://shine.yahoo.com/event/financiallyfit/cheapest-days-to-shop-online-2301854/ Tuesday is the best day of the week to buy men's apparel.
Question: What are some sources of information on dividend schedules and amounts? Answer: I have 3 favorite sites that I use. http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/mcd/dividend-history - lists the entire history of dividends and
Question: Are stores that offer military discounts compensated by the government? Answer: This story is about military grocery stores - i.e.: grocery stores for military personnel on military bases. There
Question: When to register for a bank account for a C-Corp with no official money Answer: Technically, it's only when you need to pass money through. However consider that the
Question: In today's low interest environment, is it generally more economical to buy or lease a new car in the US? Answer: There are two reasons leases are generally a
Question: How much accounting knowledge is needed to read financial statements of publicly traded companies? Answer: From my experience you don't need knowledge of accounting to pick good stocks. The
Question: Annuities question - Equations of value Answer: The solution is x = 8.92. This assumes that Chuck's six years of deposits start from today, so that the first deposit
Question: How much money should I lock up in my savings account? Answer: Firstly well done on building a really sold base of savings. An emergency fund needs to have
Question: Moving savings to Canada? Answer: The simplest, most convenient way I know of to "move your savings to Canada" is to purchase an exchange-traded fund like FXC, the CurrencyShares
Question: Option on an option possible? (Have a LEAP, put to me?) Answer: There are many stategies with options that you have listed. The one I use frequently is buy
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: 6 to 9 months worth of expenses is recommended. You
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: I would have asked for the intended recipient's account number and
Question: Is it wise to invest in a stock with a large Div yield? Answer: You should not buy soley for the dividend. The price of BHP is going down
Question: Can a US bank prevent you from making early payments to the principal on a home mortgage? Answer: littleadv's first comment - check the note - is really the
Question: Options "Collar" strategy vs regular Profit/Loss stops Answer: There are a few differences:
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: Try to find out (online) what 'the experts' think about your stock. Normally, there are some that advise you to
Question: Car expense deductions with multiple work locations Answer: Suppose that I work from home, but do not qualify for a business use of home deduction. As I understand it,
Question: If I have some old gold jewellery, is it worth it to sell it for its melt value? Answer: Get your jewelery appraised. (Don't let whoever does the appraisal
Question: How to decide which private student loan is right for me? Answer: I speak from a position of experience, My BS and MS are both in Comp Sci. I
Question: Can I open a Demat account in India from abroad? Answer: You need 2 things One a Demat Account and second a Broker Account. If you need to trade
Question: Do I need to pay taxes in India? Answer: Do I need to pay taxes in India in this scenario? For India tax purposes, you would still qualify as
Question: Credit card statement dates follow pattern? Answer: Each bank is different. Usually in my experience for newer credit card accounts, there is a specific number of days in a
Question: Why is there such disparity of max contribution limits between 401K accounts and regular IRA accounts? Answer: The investments offered in 401K are usually limited to a selection of
Question: How far into the future is a stock future? How do stock futures work? Answer: Context is key here. Futures don't really have to do with a time in
Question: Is there a way to set a stop for a stock before you own it? Answer: why not just use a conditional order (http://www.investopedia.com/university/intro-to-order-types/conditional-orders.asp)? Like a one triggers one
Question: At what age should I start or stop saving money? Answer: It's nearly always a good idea to save for your future, if you don't already have sufficient funds
Question: What is today's price of 15 000 Euro given 15 years ago? Answer: What you are positioning as a loan was not a loan at all. Your father bought
Question: Risks associated with investing in dividend paying stocks for short term income. Alternatives? Answer: Your back of the envelope calculation shows an income of about 5.5% per year, which
Question: $65000/year or $2500 every two weeks: If I claim 3 exemptions instead of zero, how much would my take home pay be? Answer: I use paycheckcity.com and first punch
Question: Is it possible to buy stock as a gift for a minor without involving the guardians? Answer: This is an old question, but a new product has popped up
Question: Where do expense ratios show up on my statement? Answer: For Vanguard: Vanguard does compare its fees with similar funds from its competitors on this tab, but then again,
Question: Would the effects of an anticipated default by a nation be mostly symbolic? Answer: It will affect Greeks as any bankruptcy affects the bankrupt. They already started reducing their
Question: What does it mean when Share price and volume sales aren't negatively correlated? Answer: When stocks have a change in price it is because of a TRADE. To have
Question: Sell home to buy another home for cash Answer: The cleanest way to accomplish this is to make the purchase of your new house contingent on the sale of
Question: Where can I buy European-style options? Answer: On the US markets, most index options are European style. Most stock and ETF options are, as you noted, American style.
Question: What are the advantages and disadvantages of leasing out a property or part of a property (such as a basement apartment)? Answer: Complexity has mentioned some good points. I'd
Question: What questions should I ask a mortgage broker when refinancing a condo in Wisconsin? Answer: Its a huuuuuuuuuuuge topic, and to answer your question in full will require a
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: The quickest way to approach this question is to first understand
Question: Historical company performance data Answer: The S&P report (aka STARS report) for each company has 10 years of financial data. These reports are available free at several online brokers
Question: Why should I trust investment banks' ratings? Answer: Investment banks will put out various reports and collect revenues from that along with their banking activity. I don't read them
Question: Non Resident Alien(Working full time on F1-OPT) new car sales tax deduction Answer: A non-resident alien is only allowed for deductions connected to producing a US-sourced income (See IRC
Question: Financially Shielded Entity Separating Individuals Behind It From Risks Answer: You are describing a corporation. You can set up a corporation to perform business, but if you were using
Question: Are the stocks of competitor companies negatively correlated? Answer: In theory, say we had two soft drink companies, and no other existed. On Jan 1, they report they each
Question: What factors make someone buy or sell a stock? Answer: Stock price is determined by the buyers and sellers, correct? Correct! "Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay
Question: Can I send a money order from USPS as a business? Answer: Sure you can. You can fill in whatever you want in the From section of a money
Question: Making an offer on a property - go in at market price? Answer: First off; I don't know of the nature of the interpersonal relationship between you and your
Question: Do I have to pay the internet installation charges for my home's company internet? Answer: It appears so. I suppose you could try saying that you don't want to
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: As much as I'd like to tell you to save some for an emergency fund or use
Question: Can an S-Corp write off work and merchandise expenses donated to a non-profit organization? Answer: An S-corp doesn't pay income tax -- taxation is pass-through. This being the case,
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: When you start at a new job here in the U.S., the default means of payment is usually a paper check.
Question: Taxation from variations in currency Answer: According to the answers to this question, you generally aren't taxed on gains until you sell the asset in question. None of those
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: I think better advice would be always max out your 401K at least to the level that the company
Question: In Canada, how bad must your credit be for a denial of a Secured Credit Card? Answer: A bank or credit card agency can deny your application for pretty
Question: Are there any benefits of FMLA beyond preserving your job? Answer: In your situation, it sounds like the only added benefit would be insurance continuance. For employees who can't
Question: how much of foreign exchange (forex/fx) "deep liquidity" is really just unbacked leverage and what is the effect? Answer: In essence the problem that the OP identified is not
Question: Should I accept shares as payment? Answer: For one, the startup doesn't exist yet, so until March I will get nothing on hand, though I have enough reserves to
Question: How to get started with the stock market? [duplicate] Answer: There's several approaches to the stock market. The first thing you need to do is decide which you're going
Question: Investment for beginners in the United Kingdom Answer: I'd go to specialist community web sites such as The Motley Fool and read their investing articles, and their forums, and
Question: Consequences of not closing an open short sell position? Answer: 2 things may happen. Either your positions are closed by the broker and the loss or profit is credited
Question: Do I need to pay tax on the amount of savings I have in the bank? Answer: In India, assuming that you have already paid relevant [Income/Capital gains] tax
Question: Settling before T+3? Answer: It is possible but unlikely. Securities firms would prefer never to settle externally; rather, they prefer to wait until the liabilities can be netted. They
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Sensitive topic ;) Inflation is a consequence of the mismatch between supply and demand. In
Question: Why ADP does not accurately withhold state and federal income tax (even if W4 is correct)? Answer: ADP does not know your full tax situation and while the standard
Question: What exactly is a "bad," "standard," or "good" annual raise? If I am told a hard percentage and don't get it, should I look elsewhere? Answer: You are not
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: Sorry for this late reply. I currently live in Iceland (I am a United Statesian). People here told me they thought
Question: Investing for Dummys Answer: You can't get started investing. There are preliminary steps that must be taken prior to beginning to invest: Only once these things are complete can
Question: I thought student loans didn't have interest, or at least very low interest? [UK] Answer: If I recall correctly, the pay schedule is such that you initially pay mostly
Question: Where should I be investing my money? Answer: Pay off your debt. As you witnessed, no "investment" % is guaranteed. But your debt payments are... so if you have
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: Set aside the amount of grocery money you want to spend in a week in cash. Then buy
Question: How does refinancing work? Answer: You owe $20,000 to a loanshark, 1% per week interest. I'm happy to get 1% per month, and trust you to pay it back,
Question: Is there any US bank that does not charge for incoming wire transfers? Answer: Being into Business since years and having clients worldwide I receive a lot of payments
Question: Will prices really be different for cash and cards? Answer: I think the question relates to the discussion here: http://clarkhoward.com/liveweb/shownotes/2010/10/05/19449/ It was always the case that merchants could discount
Question: Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year? Answer: I can think of a few good reasons: A company, especially public, usually wants their fourth-quarter
Question: How to incentivize a real-estate broker to find me a cheap house Answer: From your profile, I see you are in Israel. The process is probably different from in
Question: Student loan payments and opportunity costs Answer: Already a lot of great answers, but since I ask myself this same question I thought I'd share my 2 cents. As
Question: Why do volatility stocks/ETFs (TVIX, VXX, UVXY) trend down in the long-term? Answer: There is more than a single reason why TVIX loses value over time. Futures curve. VIX
Question: What are the alternatives to compound interest for a Muslim? Answer: I am not sure if these are available today in your country: but supposedly, back when Catholic countries
Question: Profiting from the PWC Money Tree Answer: The hardest part seems to be knowing exactly when to sell the stock. Well yes, that's the problem with all stock investing.
Question: Are 'no interest if paid in in x months' credit cards worth it? Answer: It has been reported in consumer media (for example Clark Howard's radio program) that the
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: You are expecting, that if you pay off a 30 mortgage after 16 years, you should
Question: Why do some symbols not have an Options chain for specific expiration dates? Answer: Short answer: Liquidity. Well, you have to see it from an exchange's point of view.
Question: How would I go about selling the stock of a privately held company? Answer: SecondMarket attempts to add liquidity to privately held companies. You may be able to find
Question: How can I calculate a "running" return using XIRR in a spreadsheet? Answer: Set your xirr formula to a very tall column, leaving lots of empty rows for future
Question: 250k USD in savings. What's next? Answer: Find a good financial advisor that is willing to teach you and not just interested in making a commission on your net
Question: Interest charges on balance transfer when purchases are involved Answer: Its called a "Grace Period" and you are not paying interest on the 0% BT, you are paying interest
Question: Why do many British companies offer a scrip dividend option in lieu of cash? Answer: There are quite a few reasons that a company may choose to pay dividends
Question: Is it worth trying to find a better minimum down payment for a first time home buyer? Answer: When I first purchased my home six years ago, I was
Question: Is there an ETF or Mutual Fund which tracks James O'Shaugnessy's Trending 25 stock strategy? Answer: Funds can't limit themselves to a small number of stocks without also limiting
Question: income tax for purchased/sold short term & long term shares Answer: As mentioned by Dilip, you need to provide more details. In general for transacting on stocks; Long Term:
Question: How can I determine if my portfolio's rate of return has been "good", or not? Answer: Historically, the market's average rate of return has been about 8%. (Serakfalcon's "6%
Question: Do high interest rates lead to higher bond yields or lower? Answer: It is important to distinguish between cause and effect as well as the supply (saving) versus demand
Question: ESPP advantages and disadvantages Answer: The answer is simple. If your employer is offering you a discount, that is free money. You always take free money, always.
Question: Wage earners of age  60 with dependents: What Life Insurance, if any, should they buy? Answer: The problem above is actually a pretty good list of the concerns
Question: Using financial news releases to trade stocks? Answer: Yes, there are very lucrative opportunities available by using financial news releases. A lot of times other people just aren't looking
Question: Which Roth IRA is the best for a 21 year old who has about $1500? Answer: You're young. Build a side business in your spare time. Invest in yourself.
Question: Market Relativity Theory? Answer: As of this moment the DOW 30 is up 6.92% Year-to-date. Of the 30 stocks in the index 6 are in negative territory for the
Question: Why does FlagStar Bank harass you about payments within grace period? Answer: A quick Google search for FlagStar Bank shows that this is their standard practice. Quite a few
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: Buy products that can be stored for a long time or require thorough thermal processing. For example, you can buy frozen chicken
Question: CEO entitlement from share ownership? Answer: In its basic form, a corporation is a type of 'privileged democracy'. Instead of every citizen having a vote, votes are allocated on
Question: Looking for suggestions for relatively safe instruments if another crash were to happen Answer: One approach is to invest in "allocation" mutual funds that use various methods to vary
Question: Can my company buy my personal debt? Answer: When your debt is forgiven, you have to consider the amount written off as an ordinary income item (with the exclusion
Question: Short selling - lender's motivation Answer: As the other answer said, the person who owns the lent stock does not benefit directly. They may benefit indirectly in that brokers
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: They are overpriced to begin with. One reason is the fact that they are luxury cars. A second,
Question: What is the theory behind Rick Van Ness's risk calculation in the video about diversification? Answer: John Bensin's answer covers the math, but I like the plain-English examples of
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: While, from a money-saving standpoint, the obviously-right course of action is to make only
Question: Beginner dividend investor - first steps Answer: How do I start? (What broker do I use?) We don't make specific recommendations because in a few years that might not
Question: Is it smarter to buy a small amount of an ETF every 2 or 3 months, instead of monthly? Answer: Note, the main trade off here is the costs
Question: Regarding Australian CBS takeover of TEN Answer: they are purchasing the company" is this correct? Yes this is correct. If I purchase a "company" here in Australia, I also
Question: What do I need to start trading in the NSE (National Stock Exchange)? Answer: Yes, you can open a Trading Account at one place and a Demat Account at
Question: What does it mean to be "offset against taxable gains"? Answer: Offset against taxable gains means that the amount - $25 million in this case - can be used
Question: Why buy stock of a company instead of the holding company who has more than 99% of the stocks Answer: Also VW has more brands, i.e. is more diversified
Question: I own a mutual fund that owns voting shares, who gets the vote? Answer: You will not get a vote on any issues of the underlying stock. The mutual
Question: What kind of trade is this? Answer: The question mentions a trailing stop. A trailing stop is a type of stop loss order. It allows you to protect your
Question: Harmony Gold Mining Company is listed on the NYSE and JSE at different prices? Answer: The quotes on JSE are for 100 share lots. The quotes on NYSE are
Question: Why is there so much interest on home loans? Answer: Interest rates are always given annually, to make them comparable. If you prefer to calculate the rate or the
Question: Wardrobe: To Update or Not? How-to without breaking the bank Answer: I buy new clothes when the old ones fall apart, literally. When jeans get holes in the knees,
Question: Allocating IRA money, clarification needed Answer: You'll likely see several more scary market events before your autumn years. Ahhh, everyone has an opinion on this so here is mine
Question: Calculate APR for under 1 year loan Answer: Is the pay cycle every 2 weeks? So 30% each two week period is 1.3^26 = 917.33 or an APR of
Question: How do I add my income to my personal finance balance? Answer: I don't think you need double-entry bookkeeping. To quote Robert Kiyosaki (roughly): Income is when money enters
Question: Who owned my shares before me? Answer: Shares do not themselves carry any identity. Official shareholders are kept at the registrar. In the UK, this may be kept up
Question: What to do with a 50K inheritance [duplicate] Answer: First, don't borrow any more money. You're probably bankrupt right now at that income level. 2k/month is poverty level income,
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: Something I'd like to plant firmly into your mind - If you're able to save up enough money
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: You should be worried. You have made the mistake
Question: When filing taxes in Canada, in what cases does box 39 on the T4 get reported as half of box 38? Answer: Here's the best explanation I found relating
Question: Currently sole owner of a property. My girlfriend is looking to move in with me and is offering to pay 'rent'. Am I at risk here? Answer: If you
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: As a young investor, you should know that the big secret is that profitable long term investing is
Question: How does a Value Added Tax (VAT) differ from a Sales Tax? Answer: Sales taxes are charged at the point of purchase, while a VAT is assessed during the
Question: Any advantage to exercising ISO's in company that is not yet public? Answer: As I recall from the documentation presented to me, any gain over the strike price from
Question: Can I profit from anticipating a drop in value? Answer: To expand on the comment made by @NateEldredge, you're looking to take a short position. A short position essentially
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: Many good answers here, especially that you have to consider that renting may be more expensive than you'd think. Also,
Question: What is a 10 Year Treasury Note and How Can it be Used to Calculate the Intrinsic Value of a Stock? Answer: It's a form of debt issued by
Question: Merits of buying apartment houses and renting them Answer: I am not going to argue the merits of investing in real estate (I am a fan I think it
Question: My account's been labeled as "day trader" and I got a big margin call. What should I do? What trades can I place in the blocked period? Answer: I
Question: Any advantage to exercising ISO's in company that is not yet public? Answer: Exercising an option early if you can't sell the underlying stock being purchased is generally not
Question: Is it normal that US Treasury bills(0.07%) yield smaller than interest rate(0.25%)? Answer: I have been charting the CPI reported inflation rate vs . the yeald on the 10-year
Question: Comparing option data between yahoo finance and CBOE for SPY options Answer: The CBOE site, as well as some other sites and trading platforms, will show the bid/ask and
Question: Why credit cards are sold through banks and not from Visa or MasterCard directly Answer: Visa and Mastercard are not consumer-oriented companies. They do not consider individual consumers as
Question: Why is OkPay not allowed in the United States? Answer: If you read the link that MD-Tech provided, it actually indicates that the foreign companies (mostly banks) are choosing
Question: How to sell a worthless option Answer: Sounds like an illiquid option, if there are actually some bidders, market makers, then sell the option at market price (market sell
Question: For young (lower-mid class) investors what percentage should be in individual stocks? Answer: You should only invest in individual stocks if you truly understand the company's business model and
Question: Is it possible to sell a stock at a higher value than the market price? Answer: You can ask for 305rs, but as long as shares are available at
Question: Why have candlestick charts overlaps? Answer: Remember that prices refer to discrete events in the market - trades - it is easily possible that the highest price for a
Question: Why do bank statements end on *SUCH* wildly inconsistent days of the month? Answer: They need to spread the work for all customers over the whole month, and they
Question: Finance, Social Capital IPOA.U Answer: (See also the question How many stocks I can exercise per stock warrant? and my comments there). Clearly, at the prices you quote, it
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: Ignore sunk costs and look to future returns. Although
Question: Canadian RRSPs Transfer Answer: Probably not. For your savings to enter an RRSP account, the recipient account must itself be an RRSP (duh! I hear you say). This appears
Question: Didn't apply for credit card but got an application denied letter? Answer: I would keep the letter in a file for follow-up, and I would do what you are
Question: Buying a house, Bank or rent to own? Answer: 'Rent to own' is not a precise, single agreement. It can be whatever the seller and you agree to. It's
Question: Life insurance policy Answer: I would like to add to the answer provided by Dheer. I think under some ULIPs you need not pay premium after 3 years and
Question: How to calculate money needed for bills, by day Answer: I think you might benefit from adopting a zero-sum budget, in which you plan where each dollar will be
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: I agree with Speedbird389 - I leased an economy car 10 years ago, paid the
Question: What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage? Answer: this seems like a bad idea. Example: You want to sell. He doesn't. But he doesn't have enough money
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: As an absolute basic in life you always need 1 month's salary free and clear
Question: Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why? Answer: Two things you should consider about paying off student loans ahead of
Question: What risk of a diversified portfolio can be specifically offset by options? Answer: Options are contractual instruments. Most options you'll run into are contracts which allow you to buy
Question: How should one structure a portfolio given the possibility that a Total Stock Market Index might decline and not recover for a long time? Answer: John Bogle never said
Question: How can a credit card company make any money off me? I have a no-fee card and pay my balance on time Answer: They don't make any money off
Question: Investing in low cost index fund  does the timing matter? Answer: Yes timing does matter. Using a simple Rate of Change indicator over the past 100 days and
Question: A merchant requests that checks be made out to "Cash". Should I be suspicious? Answer: To put a positive spin on the whole thing, maybe it's a small family
Question: College student lacking investment experience: How to begin investing money? Answer: If you have wage income that is reported on a W2 form, you can contribute the maximum of
Question: Why don't SPY, SPX, and the e-mini s&p 500 track perfectly with each other? Answer: What you should compare is SPX, SPY NAV, and ES fair value. Like others
Question: Is the very long-term growth of the stock market bound by aggregate net income? Answer: I am a believer in that theory. My opinion is that over the long
Question: Identifying "Dividend Stocks" Answer: How do you find good quality dividend stocks? That is an easy one. Past performance has always been my key to this answer. also remember
Question: How does Robinhood stock broker make money? Answer: Disclosure: I don't have an iPhone, so I don't use RobinHood. That being said, I have a less "they're-out-to-get-ya" view of
Question: How does the U.S. wash sale replacement stock rule work? Answer: From Pub 550: More or less stock bought than sold. If the number of shares of substantially identical
Question: Understanding Gift taxes for mortgage downpayment Answer: You are using interchangeably borrow/loan and gift. They are very different. For the mortgage company, they would prefer that the money from
Question: Why does FlagStar Bank harass you about payments within grace period? Answer: They call you because that is their business rules. They want their money, so their system calls
Question: Are mutual funds a good choice for a medium to low risk investment with a two year horizon? Answer: I assume you mean Stock Mutual funds. 2008 wasn't that
Question: Why doesn't Japan just divide the Yen by 100? Answer: So their programmers don't have to deal with floating point arithmetic. This is why they're so far ahead in
Question: Why do stock or commodity prices sometimes rise suddenly just before market close? Answer: This is often the case where traders are closing out short positions they don't want
Question: Why is it important to research a stock before buying it? Answer: The only sensible reason to invest in individual stocks is if you have reason to think that
Question: Payroll taxes on exercised stock options Answer: To explain the capital gains part of the question, non qualified stock options (NSOs) are always treated like earned income and have
Question: Which dividend bearing stock should be chosen by price? Answer: Price doesn't mean anything. Price is simply total value (market capitalization) divided by number of shares. Make sure you
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: a free $50 looks too good to be true. As others already pointed out, these offers are common
Question: Should I invest in a Health Insurance +1 policy from my Employer? Answer: If I read your figures correctly, then the cost difference is negligible. ($1.84 difference) The main
Question: How to maximize small business 401k contribution? Answer: According to the 401K information from the IRS' website, it seems that you could seemingly get away with a salary as
Question: Why can low volume move a stock price drastically? Answer: In a sense, yes. There's a view in Yahoo Finance that looks like this For this particular stock, a
Question: How to use proceeds of old house sale shortly after buying new house? Answer: I've heard that the bank may agree to a "one time adjustment" to lower the
Question: Where to Park Proceeds from House Sale for 2-5 Years? Answer: With 100K, I would dump the first 95K into something lame like a tax advantaged bond or do
Question: Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do? Answer: I would even say 1% is not even reasonable in this age. The short answer is there probably
Question: What happens if a Financial Services Company/Stockbroker goes into administration in the UK? Answer: Although I posted this question more than a year ago, I subsequently read information which
Question: What are the tax liabilities or impact for selling gold? Answer: For reporting purposes, I would treat the purchase and sale of gold like a purchase and sale of
Question: Free/open source Unix software that pulls info from all my banks/brokers/credit cards? Answer: Gnucash uses aqbanking, so I'd suggest looking at aqbanking to see if it will do what
Question: For what dates are the NYSE and U.S. stock exchanges typically closed? Answer: The NYSE publishes a list of holidays at its website. New link: https://www.nyse.com/markets/hours-calendars Old link in
Question: Is there a debit card that earns miles (1 mile per $1 spent) and doesn't have an annual fee? Answer: I have an American Airlines VISA with miles that
Question: How can I calculate how much an option would be worth after X days if the underlying stock changed by +/- $Y? Answer: You'd need to know the delta
Question: Most effective Fundamental Analysis indicators for market entry Answer: Unfortunately, there is very little data supporting fundamental analysis or technical analysis as appropriate tools to "time" the market. I
Question: Calculating Future and Present value into mortgage comparisons Answer: Keep in mind the number of months or years before you break even. You pay money to lower the interest
Question: Does an issue of bonus shares improve shareholder value? Answer: It sounds like "bonus shares" are the same as a stock dividend. Stock dividends are equivalent to a stock
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: Stop loss orders are the exact opposite of what you should be doing if you are implementing a
Question: Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices Answer: I'm really surprised more people didn't recommend UGA or USO specifically. These have been mentioned in the past on a myriad
Question: Option Trading / Demo Account Answer: In real life, you'd see spreads like AMZN 04/13/2017 910.00 C 4.90 +1.67 Bid: 4.75 Ask: 5.20 (with AMZN @ $897 right now)
Question: Car finance, APR rates and per week in adverts; help understanding them Answer: Easier to copy paste than type this out. Credit: www.financeformulas.net Note that the present value would
Question: I am turning 18 and I am a Student, I need strategies on building great credit soon. Where should I start? Answer: Your goals are excellent. I really admire
Question: Why would a bank need to accept deposits from private clients if it can just borrow from the Federal Reserve? Answer: Banks cannot just borrow from the Federal Reserve
Question: When I sell an OTC stock, do I have to check the volume of my sale in order to avoid an NSCC illiquid charge? Answer: It's not enough just
Question: What does this diagram from Robert Kiyosaki about corporations mean? Answer: It looks like RK is encouraging tax fraud. Suggesting that one have their business cover personal expenses sounds
Question: Early Retirement Options (UK) Answer: Some people put money into Venture Capital Trusts for the yields they offer. The risks are different and they are considered higher risk than
Question: Is it better to pay an insurance deductible, or get an upgrade? Answer: I would go for the upgrade and cancel the insurance. It's been 5 years since I
Question: What is the true value, i.e. advantages or benefits, of building up equity in your home? Answer: Taking out your equity when refinancing means that you take out a
Question: Can I claim a tax deduction for working from home as an employee? I work there 90% of the time Answer: 90% sounds like "principal place of business" but
Question: How meaningful is the "stock price" of a stock? Answer: Prices quoted are primarily the offer prices quoted by the numerous market makers on the stock exchange(s) willing to
Question: S-Corp partnership startup. How to pay owners with minimal profit? Answer: We don't make enough to really consider it a salary, but I've heard using a draw without a
Question: I've got $100K to invest over the next 2 to 7 years. What are some good options? Answer: Given your timeframe, risk tolerance, and the fact that you don't
Question: How would I use Google Finance to find financial data about LinkedIn & its stock? Answer: The most likely answer to your question regarding what the 'market expects' is
Question: As a US Permanent Resident, how much money I can send from the US to India in my NRE account per year? Answer: I assume that you are a
Question: Does an Executed Limit Order Imply a Spot Price? Answer: Think of all the limit orders waiting in line, first organized by price, and then by the time the
Question: What percent of my salary should I save? Answer: Its been years since I lived there, but I found Seattle to be pretty expensive. Housing costs seem out of
Question: What is the US tax owed when gifting India Shares to my brother? Answer: Here's an excerpt from the Charles Schwab website which I think will help evaluate your
Question: Do money markets fluctuate during market crashes? Answer: Wikipedia has a solid article on Money Market Funds which includes a section on "Breaking the Buck" when the money market
Question: Should I get an accountant for my taxes? Answer: A reason to get an accountant is to avoid penalties for possible mistakes. That is, if you make a mistake,
Question: How can you sell stocks if you do not have any? Answer: Shorting is the term used when someone borrows a stock and sells it at the current price
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: I just had this happen to me with Chase and speaking with my executive
Question: Do retailers ever stock goods just to make other goods sell better? Answer: Use of this is demonstrated in this video: https://youtu.be/Ip5jG3djdyk Stocking products that you have no intention
Question: What are the common moving averages used in a "Golden Cross" stock evaluation? Answer: The 'standard' in such moving average crossover systems is 50/200. The numbers are essentially arbitrary
Question: What if 40% of the remaining 60% Loan To Value (ratio) is not paid, or the borrower wants to take only 60% of the loan? Answer: Let me summarize
Question: Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card? Answer: The truth is that Visa does not require a merchant
Question: Can a shareholder be liable in case of bankruptcy of one of the companies he invested in? Answer: No. One of the key ideas behind a corporation is that
Question: Should one invest in smaller valued shares in higher amounts, or higher valued shares in smaller amounts? Answer: There's a case to be made that companies below a certain
Question: How to value employee benefits? Answer: Employee Stock Purchase Plans (ESPPs) were heavily neutered by U.S. tax laws a few years ago, and many companies have cut them way
Question: A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea? Answer: There isn't really a clear way to answer this question objectively. I'd offer my opinion that
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: The thing you need to keep in mind is that if you take on debt, you need to have a plan
Question: As an investor or speculator, how might one respond to QE3 taper? Answer: As I tell all my clients... remember WHY you are investing in the first. Make a
Question: Short term parking of a large inheritance? Answer: Safe short term and "pay almost nothing" go hand in hand. Anything that is safe for the short term will not
Question: Is there a standard check format in the USA? Answer: Legally, a check just needs to have a certain list of things (be an instruction to one's bank to
Question: How do I apply for a mortgage after a cash closing on a property? Answer: Is she correct in that you generally can't even apply until the cash transaction
Question: Is it possible to borrow money to invest in a foreign country? Answer: Yes it is possible. It would depend on Banks policies whether they would lend. Quite a
Question: Are there any banks in Europe that I can have an account without being in that country? Answer: Opening account in foreign bank is possible, but you must have
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: In the United States, savings accounts generally have higher interest rates than checking or money
Question: Is it possible to improve stock purchase with limit orders accounting for volatility? Answer: If you can afford the cost and risk of 100 shares of stock, then just
Question: Trading large volumes with penny profits per share Answer: Currently my online savings account pays an interest rate of 1.25%. With 100K, I can earn about $104 per month
Question: Should I get a car loan before shopping for a car? Answer: Yes, you are correct to go to the credit union first. Get approved for a loan first.
Question: High-risk investing is better for the young? Why? Answer: There is no rule-of-thumb that fits every person and every situation. However, the reasons why this advice is generally applicable
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: There are many different reasons to buy property and it's important to make a distinction between commercial and
Question: One Share Stock Reverse Split Answer: Any time there is a share adjustment from spin-off, merger, stock split, or reverse slit; there is zero chance for the stockholders to
Question: Static and Dynamic, Major/Minor Support and Resistance in Stock Trading/Investing Answer: Simply static support or resistance levels are ones that do not change with time. Two examples include horizontal
Question: How to plan in a budget for those less frequent but mid-range expensive buys? Answer: We have what we call "unallocated savings" that go into a fund for this
Question: Is the I.T. function in banking considered to be on the expense side, as opposed to revenue side? Answer: This depends entirely on the kind of "IT" you're doing.
Question: Why does HMRC still require "payment on account" after I have moved to PAYE? Answer: The Government self-assessment website states you can ask HMRC to reduce your payments on
Question: FSA when a retirement agreement has been put into place Answer: While you have found a way to possibly gain $1275 in tax free income, you are also risking
Question: What cost basis accounting methods are applicable to virtual currencies? Answer: The only "authoritative document" issued by the IRS to date relating to Cryptocurrencies is Notice 2014-21. It has
Question: Are services provided to Google employees taxed as income or in any way? Answer: In many countries, giving something free to the employee is considered a taxable income equivalent,
Question: Why having large capital is advantageous to trading Answer: You wouldn't want to trade with too small amount of capital - it becomes harder and more expensive to diversify
Question: What is the easiest way to back-test index funds and ETFs? Answer: yAnother potential tool for you would be a Monte Carlo Simulator. here's one http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/Business+Fundamentals I know that
Question: What is a typical investment portfolio made up of? Answer: An investment portfolio is typically divided into three components: All three of those can be accessed through mutual funds
Question: Tax considerations for outsourcing freelance work to foreign country Answer: I took littleadv's advice and talked to an accountant today. Regardless of method of payment, my US LLC does
Question: Paying off a loan with a loan to get a better interest rate Answer: Before we were married my wife financed a car at a terrible rate. I think
Question: Why don't institutions share stock recommendations like Wall Street analysts? Answer: Institutions may be buying large quantities of the stock and would want the price to go up after
Question: How do I protect myself from a scam if I want to help a relative? Answer: For some reason can't transfer it directly to his account overseas (something to
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: This is not really the focus of your question, but it's worth noting that if you live in
Question: Layman's guide to getting started with Forex (foreign exchange trading)? Answer: I definitely can recommend you a site called babypips. Their beginner course section is great to get a
Question: Advice for college student: Should I hire a financial adviser or just invest in index funds? Answer: Couple of clarifications to start off: Index funds and ETF's are essentially
Question: International (ex-US) ETFs with low exposure to financial sector? Answer: If you are looking for a European financials ETF to short, you could take a look at the iShares
Question: Definition of day trading Answer: The American "Security Exchange Commission" has imposed a rule upon all stock trading accounts. This rule is "Regulation-T". This rule specifies that stock trading
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: Politics is certainly part of the equation, in two
Question: Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit? Answer: Stop trying to make money with your emergency fund.
Question: My university has tranfered me money by mistake, and wants me to transfer it back Answer: Call in to the bank using a publicly available number to verify the
Question: Investment strategy for a 20 year old with about 30k in bank account Answer: If you have already maxed your TSP contributions, the "401k" for military folks, you could
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: If the company is stable. I like to recoup
Question: Withholding for unexpected Short-Term Capital Gains and Penalties Answer: Assuming U.S. law, there are "safe harbor" provisions for exactly this kind of situation. There are several possibilities, but the
Question: How to know if two ETFs are 'substantially identical' according to wash sale rules? Answer: Nobody knows for sure what "substantially identical" means because the IRS hasn't officially defined
Question: Can you step up your cost basis indefinitely via the 0% capital gains rate? Answer: Your real question, "why is this not discussed more?" is intriguing. I think the
Question: irr calculation on stock with dividends Answer: I use the following method. For each stock I hold long term, I have an individual table which records dates, purchases, sales,
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: My answer has nothing to do with tax brackets or mathematics (I'm taking advantage of the leeway your
Question: Vanguard Target Retirement Fund vs. Similar ETF Distribution (w/ REIT) Answer: Your approach sounds solid to me. Alternatively, if (as appears to be the case) then you might want
Question: My bank often blocks my card during purchases - what is the most reliable bank card? (UK) Answer: I have had my card blocked at home only rarely. One
Question: What extra information might be obtained from the next highest bids in an order book? Answer: The Level 2 data is simply showing the depth of the market. If
Question: For Federal Crimes, where does the money collected from penalties go? Answer: The SFGate had an article on this a few years ago: http://www.sfgate.com/business/networth/article/When-government-fines-companies-who-gets-cash-3189724.php "Civil penalties, often referred to
Question: Should I be worried that I won't be given a receipt if I pay with cash? Answer: If this is because he wants to avoid paying taxes, will I
Question: What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money? Answer: Technically, anyone who advises how you should spend or proportion your money is
Question: Why should I trust investment banks' ratings? Answer: In theory, GS has a Chinese Wall between the department which issued the advice and any departments which may profit from
Question: ~$75k in savings - Pay off house before new home? Answer: As others have said, congratulations on saving up 75K in cash while seemingly not neglecting other areas of
Question: Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name? Answer: As far as the spam mail goes, I own a
Question: gift is taxable but is "loan" or "debt" taxable? Answer: (a) you give away your money - gift tax The person who receives the gift doesn't owe any tax.
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: It depends on the business
Question: does interest payment on loan stay the same if I pay early Answer: The typical case would be - as you expected - that the interest goes down equally
Question: Is it preferable to move emergency savings/retirement into offset mortgage? Answer: The way offset mortgages work, you are keeping savings in an account effectively earning the rate of the
Question: Emulating a 'long straddle' without buying or selling Options? Answer: Based on what you wrote, you would be better off with no position to start, and then enter a
Question: Looking for a good source for Financial Statements Answer: All websites pull Statement data line by line from central databases. They get to choose which line items to pull,
Question: Keeping our current home (second property) as a rental. Will it interfere with purchasing a third home? Answer: Even after the real estate crash, there are banks that lend
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: A real life experience. A friend of mine did that with his housemates. They bought a house together as students
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: Forget about terms. Think about loans in terms of months. To simplify things, let's consider a
Question: Remitting Money To India Towards Home Loan Repayment Answer: If you are still Indian Citizen for Tax purposes, then all your Global Income is taxable [There are certain exemption
Question: When are equal-weighted index funds / ETFs preferable to market-cap-weighted funds? Answer: Equal weighted indexes are not theoretically meant to be less volatile or less risky; they're just a
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: I usually recommend along these
Question: How is "The People's Trust" not just another Investment Trust? Answer: According to what little information is available currently, this fund is most akin to an actively managed exchange
Question: How smart is it really to take out a loan right now? Answer: but I can't help but feel that these low rates are somehow a gimmick to trick
Question: How to account for personal baby sitter? Answer: You should check several things: How your business can deduct your child care expenses is beyond me. If your mother-in-law starts
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: My sister had a similar problem and went to an actual lawyer, not a "credit repair agency". The lawyers settled her
Question: Why is there two currencies in Venezuela's money? Answer: Venezuela is a command economy, and one that isn't doing terribly well right now, with rampant inflation in the several
Question: Buy index mutual fund or build my own? Answer: One thing I would add to @littleadv (buy an ETF instead of doing your own) answer would be ensure that
Question: Would it make sense to take a loan from a relative to pay off student loans? Answer: The interest that you are proposing to pay your MIL is actually
Question: What is the difference between speculating and investing? Answer: Speculation is when someone else makes an investment you don't like. The above is tongue in cheek, but is a
Question: Working remotely from Canada for a US company. How to get paid? Answer: I'm no lawyer and no expert, so take my remarks as entertainment only. Also see this
Question: What to do when a job offer is made but with a salary less than what was asked for? Answer: It depends on your situation. Take the job only
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: As described by the other answers, there are pretty harmless explanations for that behaviour. You could be slightly worried because he gave you
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: This is a case where human nature and arithmetic lead to different results. Depending
Question: How do I figure out if I will owe taxes Answer: If you want to predict the, the easiest solution is to get hold of a copy of last
Question: Steps to buying a home Answer: At this stage, I would think about education. You can attend open houses, and often times real estate agents and bankers put on
Question: Why should I choose a business checking account instead of a personal account? Answer: Some benefits of having a business checking account (versus a personal checking account) are: The
Question: Why don't SPY, SPX, and the e-mini s&p 500 track perfectly with each other? Answer: As a futures trader, I can tell you that the highs and lows for
Question: What things are important to consider when investing in one's company stock? Answer: I would pass on their deal if they will only match if you invest in their
Question: Does exposure to financials in corporate bond funds make sense? Answer: One reason a lot of bond ETFs like Financials are because of how financial companies work. They usually
Question: Pay down on second mortage when underwater? Answer: Well, I suppose it depends on your idea of a "lost cause". Are you planning to lose the house to foreclosure?
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: How can people afford luxury cars? The same way they can afford anything: by finding it cheaply, saving for it, or adjusting
Question: Are solar cell panels and wind mills worth the money? Answer: I have personally known a family in the hills of Southern Oregon, US who lived off the electricity
Question: Are there cons to paying monthly bills with a rewards card and then paying it off monthly? Answer: Pitfalls of paying plastic That being said, you can also find
Question: Should an IRA be disclaimed to allow it to be distributed according to a will? Answer: She is very wrong. If the IRA is a traditional, i.e. A pretax
Question: How often does a stock price change and where is this defined? Answer: Stocks prices are determined whenever a buyer and seller agree to trade at a given price.
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: This is a very interesting question. I'm going to attempt to answer it. Use debt to leverage
Question: Allocating IRA money, clarification needed Answer: You're saying that you're thinking of keeping 35% in cash? If you expect the market to plummet in the next few months and
Question: Why does the stock market index get affected when a terrorist attack takes place? Answer: While JB King says some useful things, I think there is another fundamental reason
Question: Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out? Answer: A suitable mix of index funds IS a great option if you don't want to spend a lot
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: Just my 2 cents, I read on the book, The WSJ Financial Guidebook
Question: How much is university projected to cost in Canada in 18 years? Answer: I personally do not buy any those so-call forecasts - look no further than the economic
Question: How could a company survive just on operations cash flow, i.e. no earnings? Answer: It depends on the definition of earnings. A company could have revenue that nets in
Question: Does getting a 1099 from another state count as working in another state if I was physically in my home state? Answer: You might need to check yes... but
Question: W2 vs 1099 Employee status Answer: Another thing to consider, however, is the deductibility of business expenses. Let's assume that the employer can legitimately hire you as a 1099
Question: If I have no exemptions or deductions, just a simple paycheck, do I HAVE to file taxes? Answer: As a Canadian resident, the simple answer to your question is
Question: Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day? Answer: Is it possible that mutual funds account for a significant
Question: What should I do with the stock from my Employee Stock Purchase Plan? Answer: I like C. Ross and MrChrister's advice to not be heavily weighted in one stock
Question: Should I exclude bonds from our retirement investment portfolio if our time horizon is still long enough? Answer: This is always a judgement call based on your own tolerance
Question: What effect would currency devaluation have on my investments? Answer: Stocks, gold, commodities, and physical real estate will not be affected by currency changes, regardless of whether those changes
Question: Will a credit card company close my account if I stop using it? Answer: Assuming the question is "will they close it for inactivity (alone)".. the answer is "Nope"
Question: How to manage household finances (income & expenses) [duplicate] Answer: Obviously, there are many approaches. Ill describe what we do and why we think it is successful. I have
Question: Value of a call option spread Answer: On expiry, with the underlying share price at $46, we have : You ask : How come they substract 600-100. Why ?
Question: Tax Efficiency with Index Investing Answer: Your tax efficient reasoning is solid for where you want to distribute your assets. ETFs are often more tax efficient than their equivalent
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: A CD is guaranteed to pay its return on maturation. So if you need a
Question: Tax and financial implications of sharing my apartment with my partner Answer: I am not a lawyer nor a tax accountant, so if such chimes in here I'll gladly
Question: What are the tax implications of earnings from the stock market (BSE)? Answer: If you have held the stocks longer than a year, then there is no tax apart
Question: Should I take a student loan to pursue my undergraduate studies in France? Answer: Edit: lazy math The answer to this question depends on two things: How bad will
Question: Is there a way to create a limit order with both an upper and lower limit Answer: In a way yes but I doubt you'd want that. A "Stop-Limit"
Question: What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history Answer: You have a lack of credit history. Lending is still tight since the recession and companies
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: The really simple answer is that compound interest is compound not linear. Money invested
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: I support the strategy to buy a less expensive car at the outset and then save for that more expensive car.
Question: Should I negotiate a lower salary to be placed in a lower tax bracket? Answer: If your employer offers a 401k retirement plan then you can contribute a portion
Question: Credit card closed. Effect on credit score (USA) Answer: You need to find out if the credit card has been reporting these failed automated payments as late or missed
Question: How can I lookup the business associated with a FEIN? Answer: In most cases you cannot do "reverse lookup" on tax id in the US. You can verify, but
Question: How can I help others plan their finances, without being a "conventional" financial planner? Answer: If you personally make any money from it then you need a Series 65,
Question: Why are taxes on actively managed funds higher than those on index funds? Answer: This depends on the particular index, of course. Capital gains taxes occur when stock is
Question: Where can I find a Third Party Administrator for a self-directed solo 401K? Answer: You setup a self-directed solo 401k by paying a one time fee for a company
Question: How can you possibly lose on investments in stocks? Answer: Some stocks do fall to zero. I don't have statistics handy, but I'd guess that a majority of all
Question: Credit Card Purchase - 'it is the bank's money no[t] yours' ? Answer: The statement is (in laymans terms - if not in real terms) correct. Most credit cards
Question: Priced out of London property market. What are my accommodation investment options? Answer: NB - I live in Surrey and bought my house in January 2014. If you don't
Question: Is losing money in my 401K normal? Answer: Bottom line is our system is broken. For three years running I am 0% return with over 600k in. Yet, the
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: Firstly, if a stock costs $50 this second, the bid/ask would have to be 49/50. If the bid/ask
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: Just don't buy any kind of paper and you will be fine :-) And don't forget most of
Question: Should I really pay off my entire credit card balance each month or should I maintain some balance? Answer: I think you got the message mixed up a little:
Question: Why ADP does not accurately withhold state and federal income tax (even if W4 is correct)? Answer: I see several interesting statement in your question. A. my only income
Question: Can I withdraw from my Roth IRA retirement account to fund a startup? Answer: Chris's answer is a great start. Keep in mind that when you withdraw from a
Question: Option on an option possible? (Have a LEAP, put to me?) Answer: As with most strategies there are pros and cons associated with this approach: Advantages of using LEAPS:
Question: Can buying REIT's be compared to investing in Real Estate? Answer: well yes but you should also begin to understand the sectoral component of real estate as a market
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: I think I'm reading that you cosigned a loan with a friend, and they've stopped paying on
Question: Calculating profits for a private fund Answer: The total number of shares on April 1st is 100 + 180 + 275 = 555. The price on April 1st is
Question: How do I adjust to a new social class? Answer: And specifically regarding prices of housing, what factors drive prices in that regard? I mean, the houses are roughly
Question: How many stocks will I own in n years if I reinvest my dividends? Answer: This answer contains three assumptions: New Share Price: Old Share Price * 1.0125 Quarterly
Question: Rental Property - have someone look for you Answer: Actually sounds like an interesting concept for a business, potentially! (grin) You know, depending on where you live and how
Question: Borrowing 100k and paying it to someone then declaring bankruptcy Answer: This is fraud and could lead to jail time. The vast majority of people cannot obtain such loans
Question: Does financing a portfolio on margin affect the variance of a portfolio? Answer: Yes, more leverage increases the variance of your individual portfolio (variance of your personal net worth).
Question: What are my risks of early assignment? Answer: The put vs call assignment risk, is actually the reverse: in-the-money calls are more likely to be exercised early than puts.
Question: 1099 Misc for taking care of foreign exchange students Answer: In general, you are allowed to deduct up to $50/month per student (see page 4), but only if you
Question: Should I get a personal loan to pay on my mortgage to go "above water" to qualify for a refinance? Answer: Does it cost money to refi? I know
Question: Getting Cash from Credit Card without Fees Answer: This was actually (sort of) possible a few years ago. The US Mint, trying to encourage use of dollar coins, would
Question: Is there a difference between buying few shares of an expensive stock vs many shares of an inexpensive one? Answer: Before the prevalence of electronic trading, trading stocks was
Question: Fetching technical indicators from yahoo api Answer: Still working on exact answer to question....for now: (BONUS) Here is how to pull a graphical chart with the required data: Therefore:
Question: What is the buy-hold-sell indication based on? Answer: It is simply an average of what each analyst covering that stock are recommending, and since they usually only recommend Hold
Question: What is this type of risk-free investment called? Answer: These products are real, but they aren't risk free: 1) The bank could go under in that time. (Are the
Question: Paying off loans early, or is there some way to reduce extortionate interest charges? Answer: It really depends on the terms of your loan. For example, some loans have
Question: Can you sell stocks/commodities for any price you wish (either direct or market)? Answer: I think for this a picture is worth a thousand words. This is a "depth
Question: What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK] Answer: I'm a big fan of Mint. I tried Wesabe prior to mint and at the time (about
Question: Where to find out conversion ratio between General Motors bonds and new GM stock? Answer: I would imagine that as a holder you will receive information in the post
Question: Am I liable for an auto accident if I'm a cosigner but not on the title, registration, or insurance policy? Answer: I am sure that laws differ from state
Question: I bought a new car for a month and wanted to return it Answer: Following up on @petebelford's answer: If you can find a less expensive loan, you can
Question: Is it sensible to redirect retirement contributions from 401(k) towards becoming a landlord? Answer: As a general rule, diversification means carrying sufficient amounts in cash equivalents, stocks, bonds, and
Question: Is it advisable to go for an auto loan if I can make the full payment for a new car? Answer: Full payment is always better than auto-loan if
Question: Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Answer: I see another way of looking at this that hasn't been addressed yet. By offering the discount, the company is attempting to
Question: What is the most effective saving money method? Answer: In a word: budgeting. In order to have money left over at the end of the month, you need to
Question: How to measure systematic risk of a stock? Answer: Beta is the correct answer. It is THE measure of the risk relationship of a stock with the broad market.
Question: How to diversify IRA portfolio given fund minimum investments and IRA contribution limits? Answer: There are fund of funds,e.g. life cycle funds or target retirement funds, that could cover
Question: Investing using leverage Answer: Step 2 is wrong. Leverage is NOT necessary. It increases possible gain, but increases risk of loss by essentially the same amount. Those two numbers
Question: Does a growing economy mean the economy is becoming less efficient? Answer: A growing economy should become more efficient because of increased opportunity for division of labor: specialization. External
Question: Exposure to Irish Housing Market Answer: There contracts called an FX Forwards where you can get a feel for what the market thinks an exchange rate will be in
Question: Why do some services list an IPO date that is well after historical price data you can find elsewhere? Answer: The Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company was established in
Question: Tax rules for United States citizens living in the US but being paid from outside the US Answer: You can and are supposed to report self-employment income on Schedule
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: Quite often the local university has decent gym facilities with super-competitive rates, even if you are not a student there,
Question: Please help me understand reasons for differences in Government Bond Yields Answer: These are yields for the government bonds. EuroZone interest rates are much lower (10 times lower, in
Question: What's a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada? Answer: Here's a link with comparison of various online and offline PF software: http://personalfinancesoftwarereviews.com/compare-personal-finance-software/
Question: Book Value vs Market Value of PWT.TO Answer: Have you looked at what is in that book value? Are the assets easily liquidated to get that value or could
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: I see two advantages to not paying student loan debt off more quickly: For
Question: Why do some people go through contortions to avoid paying taxes, yet spend money on expensive financial advice, high-interest loans, etc? Answer: One is a choice the other is
Question: How to gift money anonymously to an individual after collection thru a donation site? Answer: You mention that "A great friend and couple's family" which makes me think this
Question: Are Shiller real-estate futures and options catching on with investors? Answer: The Case-Schiller macro derivatives market has seen very minimal activity. For example, in the three regional markets of
Question: HSBC Hong Kong's "Deposit Plus" Product: What is it, and what strategies to employ? Answer: HSBC Hong Kong's "Deposit Plus" Product" the same as "Dual Currency Product" . it's
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: Not at all impossible. What you need is Fundamental Analysis and Relationship with your investment. If you are
Question: Does VSMAX invest in smaller companies than FSEVX? Answer: You are comparing apples and oranges: the charts show the capital appreciation excluding dividends. If you include dividends and calculate
Question: which types of investments should be choosen for 401k at early 20's? Answer: If you don't want to pay much attention to your investments, target date funds -- assuming
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: The mental approach should be that you always knew the risk of gambling
Question: Why are the banks and their customers in the United States still using checks? [duplicate] Answer: In a system where electronic payment is well developed you can consider the
Question: Where does the stock go in a collapse? Answer: If we can agree that 2010 was closer to the low of 2009 than 2007 then the rich did all
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: If the balance on the low rate loan is very high
Question: Made more than $600. Company does not issue 1099-MISC's. Enter income as general income? Answer: I'm not sure how this gets entered in TurboTax, but this income from the
Question: Why do employers require you to spread your 401(k) contributions throughout the year to get the maximum match? Answer: There's no such requirement in general. If your particular employer
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: Several possibilities come to mind: Several online currency-exchange brokers (such as xe.com and HiFx) offer very good
Question: How can I save on closing costs when buying a home? Answer: As a buyer, one of the easiest ways to save on closing costs is to avoid title
Question: Is it legal to receive/send "gifts" of Non-Trivial Amounts to a "friend"? Answer: This is tax fraud, plain and simple. I recently wrote an article The Step Transaction Doctrine,
Question: How much money do I need to have saved up for retirement? Answer: One opinion related to savings is to save 30% of your take home salary every month,
Question: What are dividends, when are they paid, and how do they affect my position? Answer: Dividends are normally paid in cash, so don't generally affect your portfolio aside from
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: Maybe minimalism is an option for you. Make your self clear what you really want You only
Question: static data for mutual funds/hedge funds Answer: It's not really my field, but I believe it's all the information that doesn't change (i.e. isn't "real-time") about the business of
Question: what are the downsides of rolling credit card debt in this fashion Answer: Awesome, you are a math guy. Very good for you. In theory, what you are proposing,
Question: USA H1B Employee - Capital gains in India from selling selling stocks Answer: the demat account that I have in India is not an NRI account. Since I was
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: Draw up a budget and see where most of you expenses go to. See if you can cut any not essential
Question: Is it beneficial to my credit score if I close my youngest credit lines while preserving my current credit utilization rate? Answer: Credit Score is rather misleading, each provider
Question: What are the consequences of not respecting a notice period when leaving a job? Answer: It's provincial jurisdiction, so it can vary by province. In Manitoba, it's different when
Question: Stock Exchange price target Answer: Price targets aren't set day to day, because of market fluctuations are so high from day to day. But in their stock recommendations, brokerage
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: I would suggest a high interest checking account if you qualify, or if you don't, an Investor's Deposit Account
Question: Looking for a good source for Financial Statements Answer: You can access financial statements contained within 10K and 10Q filings using Last10K.com's mobile app: Last10K.com/mobile Disclosure: I work for
Question: Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees? Answer: The "more money" aspect is only true if you ignore the lack of symmetry between employment and contracting.
Question: High Leverage Inflation Hedges for Personal Investors Answer: $10k isn't really enough to make enough money to offset the extremely high risks in investing in options in this area.
Question: super confused about bid and ask size. help Answer: In the stock market many participants enter orders that are not necessarily set at the current market price of the
Question: Avoid Capital Gains on Rental Answer: Your question is best asked of a tax expert, not random people on the internet. Such an expert will help you ask the
Question: Car dealers offering lower prices when financing a used car Answer: With new cars it's usually the other way around: finance at a low APR or get cash back
Question: Missing opportunity cost of mortgage prepayment Answer: You seem to really have your financial act together. Your combination of assets, and ongoing savings makes you the ideal candidate for
Question: Is it wise to invest in bond fund when interest rates are low? Answer: This is just a pedestrian (my) opinion: Yes, It is wise to invest in bond
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: I agree with George. I'll also add that you have to think about the cost of melting the coins for their raw materials. Not
Question: Is a "total stock market" index fund diverse enough alone? Answer: Brendan, The short answer is no, there is no need to get into any other funds. For all
Question: What is market capitalization? [duplicate] Answer: Market Capitalization is the equity value of a company. It measures the total value of the shares available for trade in public markets
Question: When and how should I pay taxes on ForEx trades? Answer: Legally speaking, when you convert that bit-coin onto something else, the Israeli Tax Authority will look into the
Question: How do I find a legitimate, premium credit repair service? Answer: If the bad credit items are accurate, disputing the accuracy of the items seems at best, unethical. If
Question: Why is a stock dividend considered a dividend? What makes it different from a stock split? Answer: A stock dividend isn't exactly a split. Example: You have 100 shares
Question: A guy scammed me, but he gave me a bank account number & routing number. Can I use that to take out what he owes me? Answer: You're potentially
Question: Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchange? Answer: You cannot do a 1031 exchange with stocks, bonds, mutual funds, or ETFs. There really isn't much
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: This is basically the short-term/long-term savings question in another form: savings that you hope are long-term but
Question: few question about debit credit and liabilities Answer: Exactly what accounts are affected by any given transaction is not a fixed thing. Just for example, in a simple accounting
Question: Can I buy stocks directly from a public company? Answer: Yes, you often can buy stocks directly from the company at little or no transaction cost. Many companies have
Question: Multiple people interested in an Apartment Answer: I'm surprised by all these complicated answers. Yes @Victor, you can create a form that asks people to put down their financial
Question: Solid reading/literature for investment/retirement/income taxes? Answer: Something that introduces the vocabulary and treats the reader like an intelligent individual? It's a bit overkill for 'retirement', but Yale has a
Question: Due Diligence - Dilution? Answer: Publicly traded companies perform dilution via an FPO (Follow-up Public Offer). It is a process similar to IPO, with announcements, prospectus, etc. You will
Question: What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country's dollar value goes down? Answer: One more effect that's not yet been mentioned is that companies
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: Gold's value starts with the fact that its supply is steady and by nature it's durable. In other words, the amount of gold
Question: Where to find CSV or JSON data for publicly traded companies listed with their IPO date? Answer: Here is a list to Yahoo! Finance API. Not sure how much
Question: Where do short-term traders look for the earliest stock related news? Answer: I work for a fund management company and we get our news through two different service providers
Question: If throwing good money after bad is generally a bad idea, is throwing more money after good Ok? Answer: The principle behind the advice to not throw good money
Question: Previous owner of my home wants to buy it back but the property's value is less than my loan what to do? Answer: How about doing a Lease Option
Question: Which % of the global economy is considered "emerging"? Answer: The company that runs the fund (Vanguard) on their website has the information on the general breakdown of their
Question: Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend? Answer: Nobody is going to buy a stock without returns. However, returns are dividends + capital gains. So long as
Question: Bank denying loan after "subject-to" appraisal: What to do? Answer: The first red-flag here is that an appraisal was not performed on an as-is basis - and if it
Question: Didn't apply for credit card but got an application denied letter? Answer: The use of an old address would make me suspect that your data was stolen from some
Question: When does a low PE ratio not indicate a good stock? Answer: Yes, there are situations where a stock is a bad buy in spite of a low PE.
Question: What is the formula for determining estimated stock price when I only have an earning per share number? Answer: Stock price = Earning per share * P/E Ratio. Most
Question: Exercising an option without paying for the underlying Answer: This is dependent on the broker according to The Options Industry Council. Your broker will specify what they would do
Question: Is it a bad idea to buy a motorcycle with a lien on it? Answer: A lien is a mechanism to impede legal title transfer of a vehicle, real
Question: Is an interest-only mortgage a bad idea? Answer: Really the question you need to ask yourself is how much Risk you want to take in order to save a
Question: Can we compare peer-to-peer loans to savings accounts? Answer: Peer to peer lending isn't FDIC insured. You can lose all your investment with peer to peer lending, whereas you
Question: How do government bond yields work? Answer: Imagine a $1,000 face value bond paying 10% interest semi-annually. That means every 6 months there is $50 being paid. Now, if
Question: When to sell a stock? Answer: My theory is that for every stock you buy, you should have an exit strategy and follow it. It is too hard to
Question: What prices are compared to decide a security is over-valued, fairly valued or under-valued? Answer: I was wondering how "future cash flows of the asset" are predicted? Are they
Question: Is This A Scam? Woman added me on LinkedIn first, then e-mailed offering me millions of dollars [duplicate] Answer: This is totally a scam. I didn't read the whole
Question: Against what income are broker fees deducted? Answer: You don't "deduct" transaction fees, but they are included in your cost basis and proceeds, which will affect the amount of
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: It's safe. You give people those numbers every time you write a check. If a check is forged, and doesn't have
Question: I trade options in the U.S. using Schwab. How could my wife do the same in Canada? Answer: Your wife could open a non-registered margin trading account with a
Question: Basic mutual fund investment questions Answer: @JoeTaxpayer gave a great response to your first question. Here are some thoughts on the other two... 2) Transaction fees for mutual funds
Question: Condo Purchase - Tax Strategies [US] Answer: You will need to see a tax expert. Your edited question includes the line For the short term, we will be "renting"
Question: Buying Fixed Deposit in India from Europe Answer: If the intention is after maturing to convert back the Rupees into Euro, its not a good idea. Generally the interest
Question: Ways to establish credit history for international student Answer: I think you should try to talk with the credit union at your campus first, they may have offer you
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: I think Peachtree is a double entry system
Question: Tax considerations for outsourcing freelance work to foreign country Answer: If a person is not a U.S. citizen and they live and work outside the U.S., then any income
Question: What should I do to pick the right consultant to open offshore bank account Answer: It is unusual to need a consultant to open a bank account for you,
Question: Was this a good deal on a mortgage? Answer: Some part of the payment is probably also going for tax escrow, insurance payments, probably PMI if you aren't putting
Question: Are mutual funds safe from defaults? Answer: There is a measure of protection for investors. It is not the level of protection provided by FDIC or NCUA but it
Question: In what cases can states tax non-residents? Answer: From the Massachusetts Department of Revenue: 1st - Massachusetts Source Income That is Excluded Massachusetts gross income excludes certain items of
Question: Should I make partial pre-payments on an actuarial loan? Answer: The contract is not very clear. As much as I can understand it will still help if you make
Question: Paying over the minimum mortgage payment Answer: First off, putting extra cash toward a mortgage early on, when most of the payments are going to interest, is the BEST
Question: If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Question: Is it possible to influence a company's actions by buying stock? Answer: You can execute block trades on the options market and get exercised for shares to create a
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: You don't need a credit card anymore than you need a TV or a car. There might be many circumstances where a
Question: SEP-IRA doing 1099 work on the side of a W2 employee job Answer: The limit on SEP IRA is 25%, not 20%. If you're self-employed (filing on Schedule C),
Question: Can I lose more on Forex than I deposit? Answer: Contrary to what other people said I believe that even without leverage you can lose more that you invest
Question: What's the difference when asked for "debit or credit" by a store when using credit and debit cards? Answer: I'm surprised by all the pro-credit answers here, debit has
Question: What would happen if the Euro currency went bust? Answer: If the Euro went bust then it would be the 12th government currency to go belly up in Europe
Question: Are binary options really part of trading? Answer: If I really understood it, you bet that a quote/currency/stock market/anything will rise or fall within a period of time. So,
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: These kinds of credit card offers are incredibly common. More often you will get a certain reward if
Question: Do I need multiple credit monitoring services? Answer: Good question given what happened with Equifax You could avoid paying extra to Experian for monitoring all three, if you are
Question: Wash sale rule with dividend reinvestment Answer: I was not able to find any authority for the opinion you suggest. Wash sale rules should, IMHO, apply. According to the
Question: Exchange rate $ ETF,s Answer: Your assumption that funds sold in GBP trade in GBP is incorrect. In general funds purchase their constituent stocks in the fund currency which
Question: How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing? Answer: The idea that you should buy quality, long lasting clothes shouldn't go unchallenged. It's just not true for
Question: What is the dividend tax rate for UK stock Answer: FYI, I am assuming you are an individual investor.. The rates on the website may change, if the government
Question: Should I file taxes or Incorperate a personal project? Answer: Normally, incorporation is for liability reasons. Just file your taxes as a business. This just means adding a T2125
Question: What steps should be taken, if any, when you find out your home's market value is underwater, i.e. worth less than the mortgage owed? Answer: Step back and take
Question: What's the best way to manage all the 401K accounts I've accumulated from my past jobs? Answer: I'd roll them all into one account, just for your own convenience.
Question: What is the tax levied against stock portion cashed out of 401k? Answer: Withdrawals from a traditional 401(k) plan are always treated as cash income and the taxable portion
Question: Specifically, what does the Google Finance average volume indicate? Answer: I hovered over the label for trading volume and the following message popped up: Volume / average volume Volume
Question: Trade? Buy and hold? Or both? Answer: You don't seem to be a big fan of trading as you may think it may be too risky or too time
Question: Data source for historical intra-day bid/ask price data for stocks? Answer: Interactive Brokers provides historical intraday data including Bid, Ask, Last Trade and Volume for the majority of stocks.
Question: How to calculate how much a large stock position is really worth? Answer: This is actually a very complicated question. The key reading in this area is a seminal
Question: Are stocks always able to be bought and sold at market price? Answer: As others have noted, your definition of "market price" is a bit loose. Really whatever price
Question: In what cases can a business refuse to take cash? Answer: A business can refuse cash (paper currency) payment pretty much in all cases provided it's a reasonable policy
Question: Who gets the periodic payments when an equity is sold on an repurchase agreement? Answer: Repurchase agreements are a way of financing a security position. You have a collateralized
Question: What is a subsidy? Answer: It means a government giving out money to encourage a particular product (or service) to be bought or sold. Some people will use the
Question: Are there statistics showing percentage of online brokerage customers that are actually making a profit trading forex/futures/options? Answer: Finding statistics is exceedingly hard, because the majority of traders lose
Question: If a startup can always issue new shares, what value is there to stocks/options? Answer: It's called "dilution". Usually it is done to attract more investors, and yes -
Question: Abundance of Cash - What should I do? Answer: People have asked a lot of good questions about your broader situation, tolerance for risk, etc, but I'm going to
Question: What forces cause a company to write down goodwill? Answer: To understand the answer we first have to understand what Goodwill is. Goodwill in a companies balance sheet is
Question: Why should a company go public? Answer: Most businesses want to grow, and there are a variety of ways to raise the money needed to hire new employees and
Question: Why is tax loss harvesting helpful for passive investing? Answer: Your assertion that you will not be selling anything is at odds with the idea that you will be
Question: What are some examples of unsecured loans Answer: Unsecured loans are loans that have not been "secured" with any kind of collateral. For example, the bank does not have
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: Probably several years at least. Maybe more like ten years. You need to watch a
Question: What are my options to deal with Student Loan debt collectors? Answer: I had about $16k in student loans. I defaulted on the loans, and they got > passed
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: I see some merit in the other answers, which are all based on the snowball method. However,
Question: Is it legal for a vendor to reuse credit details from a previous transaction Answer: It is very much legal and in fact depending on the fine print of
Question: US Taxes - Handling Capital Losses from previous years with current capital gains Answer: No one can advise you on whether to hold this stock or sell it. Your
Question: Pay Yourself With Credit Card Make Money With Cash Back [duplicate] Answer: This is basically a form of credit card kiting, it's not necessarily illegal but it can be.
Question: Is my employee stock purchase plan a risk free investment? Answer: I don't know what restrictions are put on the average employee at your company. In my case, we
Question: How to avoid tax when taking a windfall in small chunks? Answer: I agree with the other posters that you will need to seek the advice of a tax
Question: How does the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) divisor change to account for dividends? Answer: The methodology for divisor changes is based on splits and composition changes. Dividends are
Question: New car price was negotiated as a "cash deal". Will the price change if I finance instead? Answer: I am a carsalesman. Lets get one thing straight, we are
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: If you do it, be sure to read what you sign.
Question: On claiming mileage and home office deductions Answer: Can she claim deductions for her driving to and from work? Considering most people use their cars mostly to commute to/from
Question: What economic growth rate is required to halve U.S. unemployment? Answer: Two points.
Question: Must a company have a specific number of employees to do an IPO? Answer: Working for a lot of startups, I have seen this cycle. Really it has little
Question: Periodicity in stock charts Answer: If the period is consistent for company X, but occurs in a different month as Company Y, it might be linked to the release
Question: Do dividend quotes for U.S. stocks include witheld taxes? Answer: No. As a rule, the dividends you see in the distribution table are what you'll receive before paying any
Question: Got a large cash sum, wanna buy stocks. Should I buy all at once, or spread it over time? Answer: It would depend on a) Ones view on Markets
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: Historically, Banks are mandated to take relatively safe
Question: Why do some stores have card-only self-checkouts? Answer: There are a couple of advantages that I can think of. Since the machines are less complicated because they don't have
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Replace your own brake pads Disc brake pads are usually snap-in replacement parts. YouTube has tons of
Question: How good is Wall Street Survivor for learning about investing? Answer: While I've never used Wall Street Survivor, I took a look over the marketing materials and I've seen
Question: Is there a government-mandated resource that lists the shareholders of a public company? Answer: You can obtain a stocklist if you file a lawsuit as a shareholder against the
Question: How to Calculate Profit and Loss for trading position? Answer: Month to date For the month to date (MTD), the price on Feb 28th is $4.58 and the price
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: As per the age of your son you mentions i would suggest Yes, charge them an interest amount
Question: Is stock in a company considered a good or a service, or something else? Answer: Well it depends on whether or not your differentiating against. If its capital stock
Question: What is this type of risk-free investment called? Answer: The name of this type of investment is Capital Guaranteed Investment, and yes they do exist, some financial institutions do
Question: If I have 10,000 stocks to sell with 23 B market cap Answer: First a quick terminology correction: I believe you're proposing selling 10,000 shares of the stock of
Question: Why doesn't Japan just divide the Yen by 100? Answer: I think the tradition within the country would outweigh any convenience it would have for the rest of the
Question: Is IRS Form 8938 asking me to double-count foreign assets? Answer: Yes, you effectively need to "double count" when shifting balances between foreign accounts.
Question: Does the rise in ACA premiums affect employer-provided health insurance premiums? Answer: Depends on the insurance company itself, as well as the costs of treatments. Imagine an ideal scenario
Question: Long(100%)-Short(-100%) investment explanation Answer: When portfolio positions are reported in percentages, those percentages are relative to the portfolio's base equity. When you start out, that is equal to the
Question: Do large market players using HFT make it unsafe for individual investors to be in the stock market? Answer: I don't think that HFT is a game-changer for retail
Question: Does home equity grow with the investment put into the house? Answer: Your best bet is to talk with a banker about your specific plans. One of the causes
Question: How do dividend reinvestment purchases work? Answer: As far as I know, it has the same price, and effects on the market, as any other transaction...
Question: For young (lower-mid class) investors what percentage should be in individual stocks? Answer: I would not advise any stock-picking or other active management (even using mutual funds that are
Question: How can a 529 plan help me save for my child's college education? Answer: If you're ready to start a 529 account, it makes a big difference which state
Question: Does a market maker sell (buy) at a bid or ask price? Answer: EVERYONE buys at the ask price and sells at the bid price (no matter who you
Question: Basic finance: what should everyone know? Answer: The statement "Finance is something all adults need to deal with but almost nobody learns in school." hurts me. However I have
Question: Can a F-1 student visa holder loan a car from bmw? Answer: Most states do have a cooling-off period where the buyer can rescind the purchase as well as
Question: Invest all at once after maxing out Roth IRA - or each time I contribute? Answer: This depends on the terms and conditions of your IRA account, and those
Question: I just made $50K from selling my house. How should I invest the proceeds? Answer: First pay off all existing debt. Then set up at least 6 month emergency
Question: Unrealized Profit & Loss for Non-Stock Securities Answer: Suddenly its not just comparing the current price to the price of the contract, or is it? Sure it is. Suppose
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: What makes it hard is that you're making this decision now, when you've already made decisions over the
Question: How to reconcile final payment on installment sale for IRS form 6252? Answer: Reading IRS Regulations section 15a.453-1(c) more closely, I see that this was a contingent payment sale
Question: Buying back a covered Call Answer: if you buy back the now ITM calls, then you will have a short term loss. That pair of transactions is independent, from
Question: Question about ex-dividend date timing Answer: Here is the definition of Ex-dividend date from the SEC: Once the company sets the record date, the stock exchanges or the National
Question: Chase bank not breaking large bills for non-account holders Answer: First, they don't have an obligation to provide a service for a non-customer. In theory, the could even refuse
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: Another reason is that the amount of unused credit you have is a positive factor on your
Question: Retirement Funds: Betterment vs Vanguard Life strategy vs Target Retirement Answer: Life Strategy funds are more appropriate if you want to maintain a specific allocation between stocks and bonds
Question: How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me? Answer: The best way to determine how much it will cost you is to call the insurance
Question: Small investing for spending money? Answer: First thing to know about investing is that you make money by taking risks. That means the possibility of losing money as well
Question: Why can't house prices be out of tune with salaries Answer: The big problem with your argument is the 10% per year figure, because in the long term (especially
Question: Using a Roth IRA instead of a college savings account Answer: One problem with this plan is that the individual must have earned income to contribute to a Roth
Question: What factors should I consider in picking a bond? Answer: just pick a good bond and invest all your money there (since they're fairly low risk) No. That is
Question: Why are currency forwards needed? Answer: e.g. a European company has to pay 1 million USD exactly one year from now While that is theoretically possible, that is not
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: I live in the UK so it's a little different but generally you'd have one
Question: What is the purpose of property tax? Answer: Property taxes, at least in Canada, are levied by the municipality or city in which the property is situated. For many
Question: Buying and selling the same stock Answer: Unfortunately, we don't know your country, but I'd guess "Not US" with the hint being your use of the word bugger in
Question: What does "profits to the shareholders jumped to 15 cents a share" mean? Answer: It's a way to help normalize the meaning of the earnings report. Some companies like
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: There are two main ways you can make money through shares: through dividends and through
Question: What is a good price to "Roll" a Covered Call? Answer: An expiration 2 years out will have Sqr(2) (yes the square root of 2!) times the premium of
Question: Buying non-qualified employee stock options that are going to expire? Answer: Options granted by an employer to an employee are generally different that the standardized options that are traded
Question: How does start-up equity end up paying off? Answer: Equity could mean stock options. If that's the case if the company makes it big, you'll have the option to
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: When you buy something with your credit card, the store pays a fee to the
Question: Is there a way I can get bid/ask price data on the NSE in real time? Answer: Buy Data products from NSE. You will get historical order book. The
Question: What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country's dollar value goes down? Answer: This may make Australian exports cheaper, which can be a good
Question: Is it possible that for shares to be reinvested in a stock you already sold? Answer: I believe this depends on the broker's policies. For example, here is Vanguard's
Question: Do company-provided meals need to be claimed on my taxes? Answer: In many cases yes. In the case of an employer handing employees a credit card to use, that
Question: Should I make more conservative investments in my company 401(K) if I'm going to leave the job in a couple of years? Answer: Your retirement PLAN is a lifelong
Question: How to get rid of someone else's debt collector? Answer: As a former debt collector myself, I can tell you that we did occasionally get someone claiming that they
Question: Getting over that financial unease? Budgeting advice Answer: You sound like you are budgeting too much for food. Try limiting yourself to $200 a month for food and take
Question: Might I need a credit score to rent, or for any other non-borrowing finances? Answer: Credit scores are not such a big deal in Canada as they are in
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: Well it all kind of depends. The Realtor is your pro, and you should communicate further with him. Is this
Question: When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency? Answer: I read an account of why the U.K. didn't end up with the euro as its
Question: How exactly does dealing in stock make me money? Answer: You can make money via stocks in two primary ways: Note that there's no guarantee of either. So it
Question: Why does my car loan interest go up despite making payments on-time? Answer: The interest probably accrues daily, regardless of whether your payments are on time.
Question: Why is stock dilution legal? Answer: Alot of these answers have focused on the dilution aspect, but from a purely legal aspect, there are usually corporate bylaws that spell
Question: Roth IRA - Vanguard or Fidelity? If a college student had to pick one? Answer: The minimum at Schwab to open an IRA is $1000. Why don't you check
Question: Finding stocks following performance of certain investor, like BRK.B for Warren Buffet Answer: Remember that unless you participate in the actual fund that these individuals offer to the public,
Question: Lease vs buy car with cash? Answer: A lease is a rental plain and simple. You borrow money to finance the expected depreciation over the course of the lease
Question: How do I adjust to a new social class? Answer: I live in one of the highest cost of living areas in my country. For the cost of less
Question: What things are important to consider when investing in one's company stock? Answer: It appears your company is offering roughly a 25% discount on its shares. I start there
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: You are not wrong - just about anything can be charged and paid off in 30 days with a
Question: Why REIT prices are not going down while bonds are being hammered? Answer: There are five main drivers to real estate returns: Income (cash flow from rental payments); Depreciation
Question: What is the difference between the asset management division in an investment bank and an investment company? Answer: I would say that there is no real difference. Asset management
Question: Why is stock dilution legal? Answer: Stock issuing and dilution is legal because there must be some mechanism for small companies to grow into big companies. A company sees
Question: After Market Price change, how can I get it at that price? Answer: The price of the last trade... Is the price of the last trade. It indicates what
Question: If gold's price implodes then what goes up? Answer: Ok, I think what you're really asking is "how can I benefit from a collapse in the price of gold?"
Question: 401k vs. real estate for someone who is great at saving? Answer: Apples and oranges. The stock market requires a tiny bit of your time. Perhaps a lot if
Question: What are the alternatives to compound interest for a Muslim? Answer: There are many Shariah compliant investments, so that could direct your resulting searches. Shariah compliance is a very
Question: What mix of credit lines and loans is optimal for my credit score? Answer: Please do not conflate number of credit cards with amount of debt. Consider two scenarios,
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: One description of what happened is at 401(k) Plan Fix-It Guide. The issue is the
Question: stock for a particular brand Answer: If you want to invest in the Windows Phone, then you go and find out who makes the Windows Phone i.e. Microsoft. Then
Question: Why are big companies like Apple or Google not included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index? Answer: In addition to the answers provided above, the weight the
Question: If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them? Answer: Am I right to worry about both of these? Of course. Who carries $75K
Question: Borrowing money and then investing it  smart or nart? Answer: There are two fundamental flaws to your plan: Supposing that you can get a loan with an interest
Question: Finding a good small business CPA? Answer: People to ask: Granted I live in a small town, but when the same guy's name comes up more than once that's
Question: What happens if a purchase is $0.02 in Canada? Answer: As someone who works for a company that deploys POS systems in Canada, I can tell you that your
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: First, there will always be people who think the market is about to crash.
Question: Highest market cap for a company from historical data Answer: Adjustments can be for splits as well as for dividends. From Investopedia.com: Historical prices stored on some public websites,
Question: Starting with Stocks or Forex? Answer: I would advise against both, at least in the way you are discussing it. You seem to be talking about day-trading (speculating) in
Question: Hypothetical: can taxes ever cause a net loss on otherwise-profitable stocks? Answer: You have a sequence of questions here, so a sequence of answers: If you stopped at the
Question: Can you explain the mechanism of money inflation? Answer: An economy produces goods and services and people use money to pay for those goods and services. Money has value
Question: Why are auto leases stubbornly strict about visa status and how to work around that? Answer: When getting a car always start with your bank or credit union. They
Question: First time homeowner and getting a mortgage? Answer: Check with you local bank where you have an account. Sometimes they can offer a discount that results in a good
Question: What does market cap (or market capitalization) mean? Answer: Market cap is the current value of a company's equity and is defined as the current share price multiplied by
Question: Is this trick enough to totally prevent bankrupcy in a case of a crash? Answer: Adding to the answers above, there is another source of risk: if one of
Question: I made an investment with a company that contacted me, was it safe? Answer: Just browsed their website. Not a single name of anybody involved. Their application process isn't
Question: How do you translate a per year salary into a part-time per hour job? Answer: Rule of thumb: Double your hourly rate to get a yearly salary (in thousands).
Question: Is is possible to dispute IRS underpayment penalties? Answer: The underpayment "penalty" is just interest on the late payments--willful or not has nothing to do with it. When they
Question: Optimal Asset Allocation Answer: Generally a diversified portfolio will give you a better overall return --a couple of factors that may address what you are looking at - 1)
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: You're looking at a used car, which is good, but I think you can still be much wiser with the type
Question: Low risk hybrid investment strategy Answer: I recall similar strategies when (in the US) interest rates were quite a bit higher than now. The investment company put 75% or
Question: Swiss-style Monetary Policy Answer: I'm not sure what is traditionally meant by "Swiss-style monetary policy" but lately it has meant the same thing as US monetary policy, or Japanese
Question: Do I need to prove 'Garage Sale' items incurred a loss Answer: -Alain Wertheimer I'm a hobbyist... Most (probably all) of those older items were sold both prior to
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: If you really want to help your friend buy
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: The value of debt is that it allows you to profit from the return of equity beyond the amount of
Question: Optimal pricing of close to zero marginal cost content Answer: With near zero marginal cost, and infinite supply, your prices are going to be decided by entry cost, competition,
Question: How to get started with options investing? Answer: What is a good resource to learn about options trading strategies? Options are a quite advanced investment form, and you'd do
Question: Income in zero-interest environment Answer: anything that produces steady income will produce a "real return" (return above inflation) in a zero-interest rate environment: Note, however, that all of these
Question: Why does it look like my 401k loan default was not paid by my 401k account balance? Answer: There are multiple reasons why this may have happened: 1.) I
Question: Does a disciplined stock investor stick with their original sell strategy, or stay in and make more? Answer: One of things I've learned about trading on the stock market
Question: How and why does the exchange rate of a currency change almost everyday? Answer: Money is money because people believe it is money. By "believe it is money", I
Question: Calculating the total capital of a company? Answer: Opening capital = opening assests-opening liabilities
Question: Does renting a room on AirBnB make all interest taxable? Answer: It says that you are exempt "as long as such interest income is not effectively connected with a
Question: Is there any benefit to investing in an index fund? Answer: Index funds are good for diversifying risk. For people who don't have a large sum of money to
Question: Using 2 different social security numbers Answer: Social security number should only be needed for things that involve tax withholding or tax payment. Your bank or investment broker, and
Question: What's the difference between a high yield dividend stock vs a growth stock? Answer: The two are not incompatible. This is particularly true of Glaxo and Pfizer, two drug
Question: How can it be possible that only ~10% of options expire worthless, and only ~10% are exercised? Answer: You gave your own answer - the 80% is positions, not
Question: Is the writer of a call ever required to surrender dividends to the call option buyer? Answer: The dividend goes to he who owns the stock when it goes
Question: Large BUY LIMIT orders' effect on a stock's price Answer: If an offered price is below what people are willing to sell for, it is simply ignored. (What happens
Question: Renting or Buying an House Answer: You may be in a situation where buying is preferred, especially because you can enter the market in a strong position - with
Question: How do stocks like INL (traded in Frankfurt) work? Answer: A "stock price" is nothing but the price at which some shares of that stock were sold on an
Question: How to shop for mortgage rates ? Answer: I asked my realtor, but she recommends to go with just one banker (her friend), and not to do any rate
Question: What's the difference between a high yield dividend stock vs a growth stock? Answer: I think Fidelity has a very nice introduction to Growth vs Value investing that may
Question: Estimated Tax on Unplanned Capital Gains Answer: I'm assuming your talking USA. There are two ways to look. If you know you should pay on the cap gains, the
Question: Hearing much about Dave Ramsey. Which of his works is best in describing his "philosophy" about money? Answer: Start with his website, specifically his seven steps. Most everything else
Question: How to acquire assets without buying them? Answer: You don't start out buying a shopping mall, you have to work up to it. You can start with any amount
Question: Do banks give us interest even for the money that we only had briefly in our account? Answer: As mentioned in other answers the interest you make is negligible
Question: Owing state tax Interest and a result of living in Maryland and working in Virginia Answer: Ultimately, you are the one that is responsible for your tax filings and
Question: Why would Two ETFs tracking Identical Indexes Produce different Returns? Answer: The top ten holdings for these funds don't overlap by even one stock. It seems to me they
Question: Why is a stock that pays a dividend preferrable to one that doesn't? Answer: The ultimate reason to own stock is to receive cash or cash equivalents from the
Question: Should I pay off my 401k loan or reinvest the funds elsewhere? Answer: Pay the 401(k) loan back as soon as possible. To be clear, the money from your
Question: "International credit report" for French nationals? Answer: I'm not aware that any US bank has any way to access your credit rating in France (especially as you basically don't
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: I've had positive experiences and negative ones. One
Question: Specifically when do options expire? Answer: 4PM is the market close in NYC, so yes, time looks good. If "out of the money," they expire worthless. If "in the
Question: Is threatening to close the account a good way to negotiate with the bank? Answer: I would hold off on making that threat (closing your account). First, because as
Question: Are there common stock price trends related to employee option plans? Answer: There's an odd anomaly that often occurs with shares acquired through company plans via ESPP or option
Question: Is selling only shares you bought with margin on a margin/unsettled cash purchase free ride? Answer: I'm not 100% sure, but I don't think it would be considered a
Question: Impact of RMD on credit worthiness Answer: The actual policy will vary based on the specific bank. But, if I were in your shoes I'd include RMDs in my
Question: Can LLC legally lend money to a friend? Answer: The answer to your question is...it depends. Depending on the state you, your friend, and the LLC are located in,
Question: Investments beyond RRSP and TFSA, in non-registered accounts? Answer: You haven't looked very far if you didn't find index tracking exchange-traded funds (ETFs) on the Toronto Stock Exchange. There
Question: Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)? Answer: Early this year I wrote an article Are you 401(k)oed? I described the data from
Question: Trading: who takes the money from CAC 40 Or DAX Answer: I am guessing that when you say "FRENCH40" and "GERMAN30" you are referring to the main French and
Question: Cost basis allocation question: GM bonds conversion to stock & warrants Answer: I found additional evidence on TDAmeritrade's website that helps confirm that the 3/17/11 prices Jason found are
Question: 23 and on my own, what should I be doing? Answer: Assuming the numbers in your comments are accurate, you have $2400/month "extra" after paying your expenses. I assume
Question: Intentions of Deductible Amount for Small Business Answer: If your sole proprietorship losses exceed all other sources of taxable income, then you have what's called a Net Operating Loss
Question: Is there a website with options chain charts? Answer: http://dailyfinance.com Enter a stock ticker, then click on the Chain link to the left. Then, click on the option tickers
Question: How are long term capital gains taxes calculated? Answer: Capital gains taxes for a year are calculated on sales of assets that take place during that year. So if
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: Similar to what Adam F says above, except instead of just transfering the amount
Question: Super-generic mutual fund type Answer: Congrats on having such a nice emergency fund. That's pretty substantial. I don't want to be the one to suggest the One Investment To
Question: Are parking spaces and garage boxes a good investment? Answer: 15 years ago I bought a beach condo in Miami for $400,000 and two extra parking spaces for $3000
Question: Renting from self during out of area remodel project - deductible? Answer: There are certain situations where you could legally pay yourself rent, but it'd be in the context
Question: Buying Fixed Deposit in India from Europe Answer: About the inflation or low interest rates in both the countries is out of the equation especially since rupee is always
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: One thing not mentioned is
Question: Does getting a 1099 from another state count as working in another state if I was physically in my home state? Answer: This depends on the state law. In
Question: What happens when the bid and ask are the same? Answer: In the world of stock exchanges, the result depends on the market state of the traded stock. There
Question: How much can I withdraw from Betterment and be considered long-term investment? Answer: No matter what, you owe taxes on the gains, known as capital gains. How much, depends
Question: Equity As Part of Compensation Answer: With LLCs, the operation agreement can define different shares for different kinds of income or equity, and different partners may be treated differently.
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: In my opinion, separating your money into separate accounts is a matter of personal preference.
Question: Can I donate short-stock to charity? Answer: No. There is no asset associated with your short position, so there's nothing to gift. The short position in the stock is
Question: Minimizing loss during two-way currency transfers involving foreign entities Answer: The solution was to get a foreign bank in each country we do business in. Get a credit card
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: The largest problem and source of anxiety / ruin for homeowners during the housing market collapse was caused
Question: Is it possible to allocate pre-tax money to a specific stock? Answer: Whether an investment is pre-tax is determined by the type of account (i.e., tax-advantaged vs ordinary taxable
Question: Equity prices during currency devaluation  Mexico 1994 Answer: Yes, this phenomenon is well documented. A collapse of an economy's exchange rate is coincidented with a collapse in its
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: Short answer: don't do it. Unless you know something
Question: What actions should I be taking to establish good credit scores for my children? Answer: When I was in high school, my mom got me a joint credit account
Question: Should I buy a house or am I making silly assumptions that I can afford it? Answer: When I bought my own place, mortgage lenders worked on 3 x
Question: Economics Books Answer: Economics without math is a tall order, since it seems that one of the things economists love to do is try and reduce everything down to
Question: Can I prove having savings without giving out the account number? Answer: Ask your bank to write a letter asserting that you have $xxxxx on deposit with them, on
Question: Events that cause major movement in forex? Answer: currency's central bank or treasury/finance department speeches that can announce a significant change in policy. That includes: Particularly when it is
Question: When one pays Quarterly Estimated Self Employment Taxes, exactly what are they paying? Answer: From the IRS page on Estimated Taxes (emphasis added): Taxes must be paid as you
Question: Is investing in an ETF generally your best option after establishing a Roth IRA? Answer: ETFs are a type of investment, not a specific choice. In other words, there
Question: Stock market order execution Answer: I used to work on the software in the front office (and a bit of the middle office) of a brokerage firm. This page
Question: Should the poor consider investing as a means to becoming rich? Answer: Definitions are in order: These definitions are important. Someone making 1,000,000 a year who spends all of
Question: How do I know if a dividend stock is "safe" and not a "dividend yield trap"? Answer: zPesk has a great answer about dividends generally, but to answer your
Question: Did an additional $32 billion necessarily get invested into Amazon.com stock on October 26th, 2017? Answer: Stock A last traded at $100. Stock A has 1 million shares outstanding.
Question: How are mortgage payments decided? [duplicate] Answer: It's easiest to get your payment from the PMT function in Excel or Google Sheets. So a $100,000 30 year mortgage at
Question: How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line? Answer: Try to use VOIP service provider or web enabled conference calling services in your home phone. Now
Question: What is a Discount Called in the Context of a Negative Interest Rate? Answer: Even though the article doesn't actually use the word "discount", I think the corresponding word
Question: What are the benefits of opening an IRA in an unstable/uncertain economy? Answer: Your are mixing multiple questions with assertions which may or may not be true. So I'll
Question: How often do typical investors really lose money? Answer: Trading is NOT zero-sum game, it is negative sum actually. In fact all people's money is getting swept by commissions
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: The main factor should be what sorts of emergencies you
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: Others have tip-toed around this, but I'll just come out and say it. The amount of money you're
Question: How do disputed debts work on credit reports? Answer: If you tell the collector that the claim isn't valid, they're obliged to go back to the creditor to verify
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: First IANAL! This is going to depend on the kind of points. If it's an internal point
Question: Do rental car agencies sell their cars at a time when it is risky for the purchaser? Answer: Every car model/type has a know interval when things need maintenance
Question: Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option? Answer: When you are putting your money in an index fund, you are not betting your
Question: Tracking Gold and Silver (or any other commodity investment) in Quicken 2010? Answer: You don't need to use a real stock like GLD. You can just create a "stock"
Question: How do I get bill collectors who call about people I know to stop calling me? Answer: I agree about not wanting to get into your friend's personal business,
Question: Is there anything comparable to/resembling CNN's Fear and Greed Index? Answer: Lipper publishes data on the flow of funds in / out of stock and bond funds: http://www.lipperusfundflows.com Robert
Question: Are cashiers required to check a credit card for a signature in the U.S.? Answer: Working retail myself, I do not accept an unsigned card without verification. If I
Question: Can individuals day-trade stocks using High-Frequency Trading (HFT)? Answer: I just finished a high frequency trading project. Individuals can do it, but you need a lot of capital. You
Question: Do stock option prices predicate the underlying stock's movement? Answer: Options reflect expectations about the underlying asset, and options are commonly priced using the Black-Scholes model: N(d1) and N(d2)
Question: I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account mistake? Answer: Build a trust. I have a trust account under my name and 3 dependents, FDIC confirmed we're
Question: How can you possibly lose on investments in stocks? Answer: If you're talking about a single stock, you greatly underestimate the chances of it dropping, even long-term. Check out
Question: Transfer car loan for better interest rate Answer: The key word you are looking for is that you want to refinance the loan at a lower rate. Tell banks
Question: Stocks vs. High-yield Bonds: Risk-Reward, Taxes? Answer: When credit locks up, junk bond prices fall rapidly, and you see more defaults. The opportunity to make money with junk is
Question: How can all these countries owe so much money? Why & where did they borrow it from? Answer: Here is an overview of who owns US Debt from Wikipedia,
Question: If I pay someone else's property taxes, can I use it as a deduction on my income tax return? Answer: You cannot deduct. Even if you could, unless you
Question: How are Share Awards and Sales Treated? Answer: You likely received the shares as ordinary income for services of $10k, since they withheld taxes at granting. Separately, you likely
Question: What is the next step to collect money after a judgment has been ignored? Answer: According to LegalZoom: If your debtor is unwilling to pay and you know they
Question: Does keeping 'long-term' safety net in bonds make sense? Answer: I am understanding the OP to mean that this is for an emergency fund savings account meant to cover
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: There is no benefit in life insurance as such (ie, death
Question: Is there data and proof that a diversified portfolio can generate higher returns than the S&P 500 Index? Answer: Is it POSSIBLE? Of course. I don't even need to
Question: Issuing bonds at discount - computing effective interest rate Answer: In this case the market interest rate is the discount rate that sets equal the market price (current value)
Question: My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&P 500. What should I do? Answer: Typically you diversify a portfolio to reduce risk. The S&P 500 is
Question: UK sole trader who often buys products/services on behalf of clients  do I deduct from declared income or claim as allowable expenses? Answer: Assuming you buy the services
Question: What happens if I just don't pay my student loans? Answer: Collection agencies will eventually find you if you work for an employer that uses the credit bureaus for
Question: Do marketmakers always quote a bid and ask simultaneously Answer: Yes, but also note each exchange have rules that states various conditions when the market maker can enlarge the
Question: Can stock brokerage firms fail? Answer: Yes, the entire financial system is based on trust. As we have seen repeatedly, even the ratings agencies can be wrong and in
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: That is the standard set by most securities exchanges: T+3 : trades complete three days after
Question: Paying estimated taxes in a quarter with losses Answer: Yes, if you're caught up you can skip the quarter.
Question: Whats the difference between a qualified and an unqualified covered call? Answer: Yes, as long as you write a call against your stock with a strike price greater than
Question: What does inflation mean to me? Answer: The general discussion of inflation centers on money as a medium of exchange and a store of value. It is impossible to
Question: How do amortization schedules work and when are they used? Answer: Both Credit Card and Mortgage work on same principle. The interest is calculated on the remaining balance. As
Question: Simultaneous long/short India Answer: I know its not legal to have open long and short position on specific security (on two stock exchanges - NSE/BSE) There is nothing illegal
Question: New to Stock Trading Answer: Good ones, no there are not. Go to a bookstore and pick up a copy of "The Intelligent Investor." It was last published in
Question: Why is mortgage interest deductible in the USA for a house you live in? Answer: It's a scam pushed through to benefit the banking system. Tax payments become income
Question: 18 year old making $60k a year; how should I invest? Traditional or Roth IRA? Answer: With this level of income, you might consider a Solo 401(k). It would
Question: Can somebody give a brief comparison of TSP and IRAs? Answer: Ideally, one would contribute the maximum amount you're allowed to both the TSP and an IRA. For the
Question: How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)? Answer: Your best approach is to assess rent levels in your local area for offices
Question: Reconciling transactions reimbursing myself for expenses as self-employed (UK) Answer: For anyone that's curious, I had a number of chats with Quickbooks who recommended I import only the relevant
Question: Why are some countries' currencies "weaker"? Answer: You may as well ask why a piece of wood is 25 centimeters long but only 10 inches. Most units of measure
Question: Stock sale cost basis calculations for 2013, now that rules changed, is FIFO or another method the smartest financially? Answer: Once again I offer some sage advice - "Don't
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: Now, if I wasn't concerned with the integrity of my already tainted
Question: What would I miss out on by self insuring my car? Answer: Convenience, and of course money. In case of an event, you'll have to spend the full worth
Question: Should I put more money down on one property and pay it off sooner or hold on to the cash? Answer: My figuring (and I'm not an expert here,
Question: As an American working in the UK, do I have to pay taxes on foreign income? Answer: Yes. You do have to pay taxes in the UK as well
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: To Rich Seller's point, we live 1/2 gallon of gas and 30 minute round trip from
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: Have the reasons you originally purchased the stock changed? Is the company still
Question: Rollover 401k into Roth IRA? Answer: For #1, I see no advantage in putting money from your non-retirement savings into a Roth just for the purpose of using it
Question: New company doesn't allow 401k deposits for 6 months, what to do with money I used to deposit? Answer: Bit hesitant to put this in an answer as I
Question: Quantiative Easing fuels stock markets, but why? Answer: There's a premium or discount for various stocks subject to influence by the alternatives available to investors, meaning investments are susceptible
Question: If you own 1% of a company's stock, are you entitled to 1% of its assets? Answer: If you own 1% of a company, you are technically entitled to
Question: Is buying a home a good idea? Answer: The New York Times offer a remarkably detailed Buy vs Rent calculator. You enter - From all of this, it advises
Question: Pay down on second mortage when underwater? Answer: If you're planning to walk away from the house - don't invest any more money in it. Just be aware of
Question: Is it a wise decision to sell my ESPP stock based on this situation? Answer: ESPP tax treatment is complicated. If you received a discount on the purchase of
Question: What is the process of getting your first share? Answer: Here's a different take: Look through the lists of companies that offer shareholder perks. Here's one from Hargreaves Lansdown.
Question: To rebalance or not to rebalance Answer: 'Buy and Hold' Is Still a Winner: An investor who used index funds and stayed the course could have earned satisfactory returns
Question: How can I save LLC fees when investing in Arizona real estate from California Answer: You won't be able to avoid the $800 fee. CA FTB has a very
Question: Price movement behaviour before earnings announcements Answer: In principle, the stock price should see no change in the days leading up to an earnings announcement, and then at the
Question: Is it best to exercise options shares when they vest, or wait Answer: To me it depends on things like your net worth, debt, and how other assets are
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: If you are in the U.S., without credit cards, you probably don't have a credit history. Without a credit history, you won't
Question: How profitable is selling your customer base? Answer: Yes, some companies sell personal data on their customers, but it almost always means a bad business due to reputation cost.
Question: "Inflation actually causes people not to spend" could it be true? Answer: Inflation can go up for a number of reasons. Boom times can cause inflation, as everyone is
Question: What US taxes are due for US stock bought via ESPP when I was in USA and sold after I returned to India? Answer: From an Indian Tax point
Question: Credit card closed. Effect on credit score (USA) Answer: As documented in MyFICO (http://www.myfico.com/credit-education/whats-in-your-credit-score/), there are several factors that affect credit scores. Payment history (35%) The first thing any
Question: Pros and cons of using a personal assistant service to manage your personal finances? Answer: Years ago I hired someone part time (not virtual however) to help me with
Question: Financing with two mortgages: a thing of the past? Answer: You can't get a HELOC, to the best of my knowledge, without actually "owning" the house. If you get
Question: What is the most effective saving money method? Answer: Entire books have been written on how to get to the end of the month before you get to the
Question: Does Reuters provide the 4pm London Spot rate for currencies? Answer: The interpretation is correct. The Reuters may give you the London 4PM rates if you query after the
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: From mid 2007 to early 2009 the DJI went down about 50 %. This market setback won't
Question: still have mortgage on old house to be torn down- want to build new house Answer: I could be wrong, but I doubt you're going to be able to
Question: What to consider before buying (exercising) a family member's private company employee stock options, about to expire? Answer: The company may not permit a transfer of these options. If
Question: Is there a simple strategy of selling stock over a period of time? Answer: Yes, there is an analogous strategy for selling: it's to sell a fixed number of
Question: How does end-of-year interact with mutual fund prices (if it does)? Answer: This answer is applicable to the US. Similar rules may hold in some other countries as well.
Question: Should I switch to this high rate checking account for my emergency fund? Answer: I would also check into whether you can keep using your credit card instead of
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: I'll add 2 observations regarding current answers. Jack nailed it - a 401(k) match beats all. But choose
Question: How to account for startup costs for an LLC from personal money? Answer: Typically you give a loan to the company from yourself as a private person, and when
Question: How can home buying be considered a sound investment with all of that interest that needs to be paid? Answer: Your question isn't great, but I will attempt to
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: Discipline. If you have to have a hard limit on your account that prevents
Question: Should I have a higher credit limit on my credit card? Answer: I wouldn't say you should have any particular limit, but it can't hurt to have a higher
Question: How can I deposit a check made out to my business into my personal account? Answer: When a business asks me to make out a cheque to a person
Question: I have $10,000 sitting in an account making around $1 per month interest, what are some better options? Answer: What is your risk tolerance? Personally I invest about $5k
Question: Is a real estate attorney needed for builder deposit contract? Answer: You need to let a lawyer look at it. Concerns you have include:
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: I think the primary reason it is so pricey now is that it is an inflation hedge, and considering how shaky the economies
Question: How do I know if refinance is beneficial enough to me? Answer: It would help if we had numbers to walk you through the analysis. Current balance, rate, remaining
Question: Pros & cons of investing in gold vs. platinum? Answer: @Michael Kjrling answered why platinum is in demand like it is. But it missed some of the significant risks
Question: Who receives the money when one company buys another? Answer: Monsanto is a publicly traded company that trades under the ticker MON. The stock is owned by a wide
Question: Why is there so much variability on interest rate accounts Answer: I spent some time comparing banks' interest rates until I realized that it didn't actually matter (to me).
Question: Set different trigger and sell price for Trailing Stop Limit Answer: It will depend largely on your broker what type of stop and trailing stop orders they provide. Saying
Question: So the vending machine tore my $5 in pieces. What now? Answer: There is usually contact information for the owner of the machine printed somewhere on it. Call that
Question: How much life insurance do I need? Answer: One simple calculation to determine your life insurance need: D.I.M.E. method D: Debt All your car loan balances, credit card balances,
Question: Who Can I Hire To Calculate the Value of An Estate? Answer: Generally, it would be an accountant. Specifically in the case of very "private" (or unorganized, which is
Question: How to get started with savings, paying off debt, and retirement? Answer: The word you are looking for is "budget" You can't pay off debt if you are spending
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: First: do you understand why it dropped? Was it overvalued before, or is
Question: Who performs the blocking on a Visa card? Answer: The request to block the money is made by the Party who sells the product. Based on this request the
Question: What strike to choose if I want to sell weekly calls against a long LEAP put Answer: What I do not get is why does the author choose to
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: Highest priority compared to what? Obviously priorities should be repaying debt in the order of interest percentage. Which
Question: In the USA, does the income tax rate on my wages increase with the amount of money in my bank account? Answer: besides accrued interest But that's important. one
Question: Fundamentals of creating a diversified portfolio based on numbers? Answer: Most of the "recommendations" are just total market allocations. Within domestic stocks, the performance rotates. Sometimes large cap outperform,
Question: How is the time-premium on PUT options calculated Answer: I asked a friend and he gave me a good explanation, so I'm just gonna paste it here for others:
Question: How does GST on PayPal payments work for Australian Taxation? Answer: Regardless of wether or not you are registered for GST, you are legally required to include a GST
Question: How much (paper) cash should I keep on hand for an emergency? Answer: It's also worth thinking about minor "emergencies" when the location of your cash may be more
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: There is a clear difference between investing and gambling. When you invest, you are purchasing an asset that has value.
Question: Transferring money from One business checking to another business checking Answer: You should have separate files for each of the two businesses. The business that transfers money out should
Question: What low-fee & liquid exchange-traded index funds / ETFs should I consider holding in a retirement portfolio? Answer: If liquidity and cost are your primary objectives, Vanguard is indeed
Question: How are the best way to make and save money at 22 years old Answer: Make sure you have a budget, there is a pretty cool budget tracker that
Question: Is interest on a personal loan tax deductible? Answer: Can you deduct interest paid to your father on your personal income taxes? Interest paid on passive investments can be
Question: Car dealers offering lower prices when financing a used car Answer: It is a legitimate practice. The dealers do get the loan money "up front" because they're not holding
Question: Do I need to file a tax return as a student? Answer: Should I go see a CPA? Not unless you are filing paperwork for a corporation. A CPA
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: 100% scam. Run away. If you have already given the bank account, inform
Question: Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics? Answer: Going off hearsay here. I believe your question is. "Does
Question: Making money through CFD Answer: What is being described in Longson's answer, though helpful, is perhaps more similar to a financial spread bet. Exactly like a bookmaker, the provider
Question: What is "beta" for an investment or a portfolio, and how do I use it? Answer: Beta is an indication of a Stock's risk with respect to the market.
Question: Debit card for minor (< 8 y.o.) Answer: You might consider a Green Dot card. You can personalize the name on the card. There is no risk of over-drafting.
Question: What typically happens to unvested stock during an acquisition? Answer: I've been through two instances where I worked for a public company that was merged (for stock) into another
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Because it's a good indicator of how much their asset worth. In
Question: Is a stock's trade size history publicly available? Answer: My Broker and probably many Brokers provide this information in a table format under "Course of Sale". It provides the
Question: Paying restaurants in cash instead of credit card - how signficant is this? Answer: The biggest advantage to small business owners paid in cash is not that it might
Question: If the put is more expensive than the call, what does it mean Answer: It is a fool's errand to attribute abnormal option volume or volatility to any meaningful
Question: Can the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) itself go bankrupt? Answer: SIPC is a corporation - a legal entity separate from its owners. In the case of SIPC, it
Question: What US tax laws apply to a 13 year old game developer? Answer: 13 or 30, the only real difference is that as a minor, you are claimed as
Question: If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend Answer: There are many reasons for buying stock for dividends. You are
Question: Using simple moving average in Equity Answer: One of the most obvious uses of SMAs is the detection of a trend reversal. A trend reversal happens when a short
Question: What's the difference between TaxAct and TurboTax? Answer: I typed my information into both last year, and while they were not exactly the same, they were within $10 of
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: Well, you could replace it with.. itself! Microsoft Money Plus Sunset versions The Microsoft Money
Question: How do you determine "excess cash" for Enterprise Value calculations from a balance sheet? Answer: 20% is almost certainly too high. I agree with 2%, as a very rough
Question: What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations? Answer: I read a really good tract that my credit union gave me years ago written
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Since you ask.... How do I do it? My frugality doesn't come
Question: How to report Canadian income from a small contract job? Answer: It's pretty easy. In the Interview Setup for Ufile, check the box for "Self-employment business income". Then during
Question: Why liquidity implies tight spread and low slippage Answer: Theoretically, it's a question of rate of return. If a desired or acceptable rate of return for market makers' capital
Question: Visitor Shopping in the US: Would I get tax refund? Would I have to pay anything upon departure? Answer: Tax Refund: The US generally does not refund tax like
Question: What are the advantages of doing accounting on your personal finances? Answer: Everyone should keep track of what they spend. When you see how much you are spending on
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: I don't think you're missing anything on the math side as far as the payments. Likewise, it may seem everyone's driving a
Question: Better to rent condo to daughter or put her on title? Answer: By placing the property in her name, her share of it would also be considered an asset
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: It's an effective way to achieve market segmentation
Question: GBP savings, what to do with them if leaving the U.K. in about 2 years time? Answer: In general, to someone in a similar circumstance I might suggest that
Question: Can I get a dumbed down explanation of risk measures used for evaluating stocks? Answer: Standard deviation from Wikipedia : In statistics and probability theory, the standard deviation (represented
Question: Why YTM is higher than current yield in discount bond Answer: Say you buy a bond that currently costs $950, and matures in one year, at $1000 face value.
Question: Where can I trade FX spot options, other than saxobank.com? Answer: You can trade currency ETF options on IB. It is SIPC insured; the options are just like vanilla
Question: "In-the-Money" vs "Out-of-the-Money" Call Options Answer: First, welcome to Money.SE. The selected page is awful. I don't know the value in listing different expirations at the same strike. Usually,
Question: How to convince someone they're too risk averse or conservative with investments? Answer: Remind him that, over the long-term, investing in safe-only assets may actually be more risky than
Question: Execute or trade an options contract? Answer: Your math shows that you bought an 'at the money' option for .35 and when the stock is $1 above the strike,
Question: When I pay off my mortgage loan, what would really happen? Answer: The underlying investment is usually somewhat independent of your mortgage, since it encompasses a bundle of mortgages,
Question: How do I screen for stocks that are near to their 52 weeks low Answer: You can use Google Finance Stock Screener for screening US stocks. Apparently it doesn't
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: Theaters make pennies off the tickets if any money at all. Their profits come from the concession stand.
Question: Are these really bond yields? Answer: But it also can't be 1.46%, because that would imply that a 30Y US Treasury bond only yields 2.78%, which is nonsensically low.
Question: Comparing IRA vs 401K's rate-of-return with dollar cost averaging Answer: The number you are trying to calculate is called the Internal Rate of Return (IRR). Google Spreadsheets (and excel)
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: Some notable percentage of buyers won't even try
Question: How do brokers make money from margin accounts? Answer: They will make money from brokerage as usual and also from the interest they charge you for lending you the
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: But I don't see how it's any different than buying a stock at a low price and holding on
Question: How do I interpret this analysis from Second Opinion? Answer: In Second Opinion's opinion, they say "Do not initiate new position." This means do not buy the stock if
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: To answer your precise question, your plans are not at all misguided, and are in fact very reasonable. You are clearly financially very comfortable,
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: My advice: IMO, all things being somewhat equal, you should always try to retire debts as quickly as possible in
Question: Can an S-Corp write off work and merchandise expenses donated to a non-profit organization? Answer: Yes. The S-Corp can deduct up to the amount it actually incurred in expenses.
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: In general the consensus is that a small amount of inflation (usually 1.5-2% per year)
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: Most basic tip: Don't go to the grocery store hungry. What we do to minimize food waste: On Sunday when my wife
Question: Is the need to issue bonds a telltale sign that the company would have a hard time paying coupons? Answer: No, having to borrow money does not necessarily mean
Question: Bank of the Sierra: Are they legit? How can the checking interest APY be so high? Answer: The FDIC is pretty confident about them being legit. http://www2.fdic.gov/idasp/main_bankfind.asp (type in
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: I would answer your question very simply: marketing works. "If you don't have a new F-150, you are
Question: When shorting a stock, do you pay current market price or the best (lowest) available ask price? Answer: When you want to short a stock, you are trying to
Question: Homeowners: How can you protect yourself from a financial worst-case scenario? Answer: If you have doubts about the long term prospects at your employer or jobs in your area,
Question: Is leveraging notoriety to raise stock prices illegal in the US? Answer: Yes, there are legal problems with what he did. To prevent fraud, the US government regulates who
Question: How can I stop a merchant from charging a credit card processing fee? Answer: This might not be the answer you are looking for, but the alternative to "don't
Question: Good books for learning about tax strategy/planning Answer: J.K. Lasser's Your Income Tax is, remarkably, a great read. It's a line by line review of the tax forms, and
Question: What actions can I take against a bank for lack of customer service? Answer: I don't think the verbal confirmation from the branch manager is worth anything, unless you
Question: Clarification on options jargon regarding spreads Answer: Yes. It seems to me you got it right. On my site, Stock Options Cafe, my last post was an illustration of
Question: Funneling money from a Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA using Options: Is my method possible and tax legal? Answer: I am not a lawyer but I do not
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: I use iBank for Mac to keep track of my expenses. I also use the iPhone version since they
Question: Is it a good idea to get a mortgage when buying a house, for credit reasons? Answer: I would go with the family route if I was you. And
Question: Why does capital gains tax apply to long term stock holdings? Answer: Most well-off people have investments which they have held for long periods of time, often of very
Question: Is there an application or website where I can practice trading US stocks with virtual money? Answer: I traded futures for a brief period in school using the BrokersXpress
Question: Should I pay off my student loan before buying a house? Answer: One extremely important aspect that must be taken into consideration is the state of the housing market.
Question: Smart to buy a house in college? Answer: If you don't plan to stay in it, it is never good money to try to buy a house in a
Question: Income tax on international income with money not deposited in India Answer: If the work is done in India, then the income arising out of it, is taxable when
Question: Collecting Dividends while insulating volatility through options? Answer: The strategy is right. As pointed out by you, will the " volatility cause the premium on the price of the
Question: Credit Card Purchase - 'it is the bank's money no[t] yours' ? Answer: Yes, they're referring to the credit card dispute (chargeback) process. In the case of dispute, credit
Question: income tax for purchased/sold short term & long term shares Answer: No Tax would have been deducted at the time of purchase/sale of shares. You would yourself be required
Question: Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation Answer: Your mother has a problem that is typical for a woman with children. She is trying to help her children have
Question: How does Vanguard determine the optimal asset allocation for their Target Retirement Funds? Answer: While the Vanguard paper is good, it doesn't do a very good job of explaining
Question: How often do stocks become worthless? Answer: The only thing that makes a stock worthless is when the company goes out of business. Note that bankruptcy, by itself, does
Question: Do I have to work a certain amount of hours in order to get paid monthly? Answer: Frequency of paychecks is up to the company. Many pay monthly. Some
Question: VAT in UK, case of cultural industry and overseas invoices Answer: Your answer will need loads of information and clarification, so I will ask you to visit the VAT
Question: Put a dollar value on pensions? Answer: There are two steps. First you take the age at retirement and annual benefit. Say it's $10,000/yr. You can easily look up
Question: Understanding highly compensated employees within 401ks Answer: HCE is defined as being above 120k$ or in the top 20 % of the company. The exact cutoff point might be
Question: Personal Asset Protection - How to protect asset against a deficiency judgement? Answer: Find out whether your state has a homestead law or something similar, which might protect your
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: In the case of reward cards, different cards may offer different rewards for different kind of purchases.
Question: Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance Answer: When I was in grad school (at an engineering school) my apartment-mates and
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: So you work, and give a small irregular amount to you parents. You
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: On the surface this sounds ridiculous, which makes me suspect that there might be something that the
Question: Dividend yeild per unit Answer: $36 dividend/900 DJIA = 4% 5.5% bond yield = ($36 dividend/660 DJIA) Graham wrote this at a very different time in financial markets- interest
Question: Short or Long Term Capital Gains for Multiple Investments Answer: The default is FIFO: first in - first out. Unless you specifically instruct the brokerage otherwise, they'll report that
Question: If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses? Answer: Together the founders represent 100%
Question: What is the best way to learn investing techniques? Answer: Given what you state you should shop around for an advisor. Think of the time required to pursue your
Question: What is the interest rate online brokerages paying out tied to? Answer: The prime rate is the interest rate banks use amongst themselves to lend money to each other
Question: Are there any other investing methods I should look into? Answer: To expand on mhoran's answer - Once you mention the 401(k), we're compelled to ask (a) what is
Question: Is it accurate to say that if I was to trade something, my probability of success can't be worse than random? Answer: One key piece missing from your theory
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: I haven't seen anyone mention tax considerations and that's why I'm answering this.
Question: Credit card issued against my express refusal; What action can I take? Answer: You can always cancel the card and close this account. Consider switching to a bank that
Question: Value investing Answer: As an aside, why does it seem to be difficult to get a conclusive answer to this question? I'm going to start by trying to answer
Question: My bank refused to do a charge back Answer: Call Comcast during a non-peak time (first thing in the morning?), wait on hold, and politely explain what happened and
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: Up to some degree, a higher or lower interest rate means a bit less or a bit more money in
Question: Got charged ridiculous amount for doctor's walk in visit. What are my options? Answer: If you are disputing the size of the charge for specific services, like you think
Question: Credit card transactions for personal finances Answer: I use mint.com for tracking my finances. It works on mobile phones, tablets, and in a browser. If you don't mind the
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: Your basic point is correct; the savvy move is to use insurance only
Question: If accepting more than $10K in cash for a used boat, should I worry about counterfeiting? Answer: When you operate outside of the law, you bear the risks of
Question: What is the average cost of a portfolio on a trading site? Answer: It sounds for the most part you are a 'buy and hold' type investor and continue
Question: Are buying and selling futures based on objective data? Answer: If you hold a future plus enough cash collateral it is economically equivalent to owning the underlying asset or
Question: how can a US citizen buy foreign stocks? Answer: it looks like using an ADR is the way to go here. michelin has an ADR listed OTC as MGDDY.
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: At your age (heck, at MY age :-)) I would not think about doing any of those types of
Question: How do you invest in real estate without using money? Answer: I know this is broad, but this isn't a scam -- it's a workshop/educational thing about teaching people
Question: How Should I Start my Finance Life and Invest? Answer: I'd suggest looking at something like the Dummies series of books for this. Something like: Sometimes the books are
Question: US Stock Market - volume based real-time alert Answer: TdAmeritrade offers this service for free using 3rd party company markit. From markit's site, below is their guarantee. http://www.markit.com/product/markit-on-demand Markit
Question: How much does a landlord pay in taxes? Answer: I'd recommend you use an online tax calculator to see the effect it will have. To your comment with @littleadv,
Question: Is Cash Value Life Insurance ("whole life" insurance) a good idea for my future? Answer: Almost everyone needs an insurance, you should also probably buy it. If you are
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: I wish I would have:
Question: How long should I keep my bills? Answer: I'd imagine you want to keep the utility bills around to dispute any historical billing errors or anomalies for perhaps 6
Question: Is there a good forum where I can discuss individual US stocks? Answer: I use the forum seeking alpha. http://seekingalpha.com/
Question: File bankruptcy, consolidate, or other options? Answer: A couple of thoughts from someone who's kind of been there... Is the business viable at all? A lot of people do
Question: Is there legal reason for restricting someone under 59-1/2 from an in-service rollover from a 401K to an IRA? Answer: You're going to find a lot of conflicting or
Question: Best steps to start saving money for a fresh grad in Singapore? Answer: Firstly, make sure annual income exceeds annual expenses. The difference is what you have available for
Question: What are some examples of unsecured loans Answer: Some other unsecured loans that are common:
Question: What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive? Answer: I actually have a bit of experience with the supplier side of this. Having worked with other
Question: Why does low interest rate prevent bankruptcy and foreclosure? Answer: Most of the bankruptcy is due to taking [or building over a period of time] a loan that one
Question: How to invest in a currency increasing in value relative to another? Answer: The increase of currency value in relation to another is a critical determinant of the economic
Question: Have plenty of cash flow but bad credit Answer: A) The Credit Rating Agencies only look at the month-end totals that are on your credit card, as this is
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: Aside from what everyone else has said about your money (saving, investing, etc.), I'd like
Question: For somebody that travels the same route over and over again, what are some ways to save on airfare? Answer: Yapta.com will track flight prices, so you can know
Question: Do capital gains get factored into AGI? Answer: I believe that capital gains do affect AGI, but if she sells $40k of stock, then the AGI doesn't go up
Question: How does owning a home and paying on a mortgage fit into family savings and investment? Answer: A home is an investment, but the value it returns isn't primarily
Question: Paying off mortgage or invest in annuity Answer: You can't pay your bills with equity in your house. Assuming you paid off the mortgage, where would the money come
Question: What is the different between 2 :1 split and 1:1 split Answer: I'm guessing you're conflating bonus share issuance with stock split. That seems very common to me, from
Question: Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes? Answer: First of all, consult an accountant who is familiar with tax laws and online businesses. While most accountants know
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: Remind yourself that markets recover, usually within a few years. If you believe this
Question: Options on the E-mini S&P 500 Futures at the CME: when were EW3, the weekly Monday options and the weekly Wednesday options introduced? Answer: Why do you care? In
Question: Where to borrow money between college graduation and employment? Answer: You have asked about getting a loan, the issue is that you don't have collateral to offer up in
Question: Cheapest way to wire or withdraw money from US account while living in Europe Answer: Atm machine and my Credit Union account. Low fees (often zero, if the machine
Question: What does it mean when my Money Market account lists both a dividend share and an APY? Answer: The dividend is what represents your ownership in the CU. The
Question: How do I read technicals for tickers that move together but are slightly different? Answer: Following comments to your question here, you posted a separate question about why SPY,
Question: Is it mandatory to report Capital Loss on line 21 of Schedule D? Answer: On line 21 of Schedule D, you write the smaller of So, in your case,
Question: What happens to options after a stock split? Answer: Since you asked about Apple, and I happen to have two positions - This is what happened. I was long
Question: Weekly budgets based on (a variable) monthly budget Answer: Developing self-discipline in his spending habits is a prerequisite for dealing with a (sometimes low) variable income. While it might
Question: Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it's expired? Answer: The typical rule in the US is 180 days, but some
Question: Can future rental income be applied to present debt-to-income ratio when applying for second mortgage? Answer: Generally speaking, no they won't. In this case, though I haven't done it
Question: What would happen if the Euro currency went bust? Answer: Krugman (Nobel prize in Economy) has just said: Greek euro exit, very possibly next month. Huge withdrawals from Spanish
Question: Should I really pay off my entire credit card balance each month or should I maintain some balance? Answer: You should pay things off every month. You don't want
Question: Any problem if I continuously spend my credit card more than normal people? Answer: Sometimes when you are trying to qualify for a loan, the lender will ask for
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: These cars are generally considered out of date and are less prone to be victims of car
Question: Warren Buffett and Charles Munger advice for small investors? Answer: Warren Buffett: 'Investing Advice For You--And My Wife' (And Other Quotes Of The Week): What I advise here is
Question: Why use ROI if I can use effective compount interest? Answer: Yes though I'd likely put a caveat on that. If you take short-term investments and extrapolate the results
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: www.mint.com is a very good web site that can upload your financial data from your
Question: How much of a down payment for a car should I save before purchasing it? Answer: If you're getting 0% on the financing, it's not costing you anything to
Question: Historical stock prices: Where to find free / low cost data for offline analysis? Answer: Go to http://finance.google.com, search for the stock you want. When you are seeing the
Question: total of all dividend payments for a particular company Answer: No - there are additional factors involved. Note that the shares on issue of a company can change for
Question: Does this sound like a great idea regarding being a landlord and starting a real estate empire? Answer: This is a reasonable idea and many people have done it.
Question: Oil Price forcasting Answer: The Oil futures are exactly that. They are people forecasting the price of oil at a point of time in the future where they are
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: Banks do of course incur costs on currency transactions. But they're not as high as the fee charged
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: I treat the concept of emergency funds as a series of financial buffers. One layer is
Question: Should I continue to invest in an S&P 500 index fund? Answer: You have a good thing going. One of the luxuries of being invested in an index fund
Question: What's the difference between Term and Whole Life insurance? Answer: Whole life is life insurance that lasts your whole life. Seriously. Since the insurance company must make a profit,
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: I bought 1000 shares of Apple, when it was
Question: Analyze stock value Answer: It seems like you want to compare the company's values not necessarily the stock price. Why not get the total outstanding shares and the stock
Question: Can everyday people profit from unexpected world events? Answer: In the UK there are spread betting firms (essentially financial bookmakers) that will take large bets 24x7. Plus, interbank forex
Question: Where do countries / national governments borrow money from? Answer: Typically the debt is held by individuals, corporations and investment funds, not by other countries. In cases where substantial
Question: Why is there some latency between the time a check deposit was processed and when one can withdraw the money on Fidelity CMAs? Answer: Every bank and credit union
Question: Layman's guide to getting started with Forex (foreign exchange trading)? Answer: Starting with the Dummy Forex account is a wise move for every new forex trader. Do forex trading
Question: Buying and selling the same stock Answer: I think what you're asking is, Can I buy 1000 shares of the stock at $1. For $1000. it goes up to
Question: Why do so many people trade a bankrupt company's stock? Answer: It may have some value! Investopedia has a well-written quick article on how stock holders may still get
Question: Where can I find filings of HUD-1 statements? Answer: Some of the information on the HUD-1 form would have been useful to complete the income tax paperwork the next
Question: What are the tax implications of exercising options early? Answer: Despite a fair number of views, no one besides @mbhunter answered, so I'll gather the findings of my own
Question: Tax consequences of changing state residency? Answer: It also depends on where you work. If you move your home and your job then the date you establish residency in
Question: Why would this FHA refinance cause my mortgage insurance payment to increase so much? Answer: In the spring of this year FHA increased their rates for Mortgage Protection insurance.
Question: Why do credit cards have minimum limits? Answer: I believe it's just to limit the less well-off from acquiring one. If your credit history and income do not support
Question: How to accurately calculate Apple's EPS Answer: On closer look, it appears that Google Finance relies on the last released 10-k statement (filing date 10/30/2013), but outstanding shares as
Question: I have an extra 1000 per month, what should I do with it? Answer: What about getting the saving account - "Bausparen" (~100EUR/month) which you can later use for
Question: Why don't more people run up their credit cards and skip the country? Answer: Quality of life, success and happiness are three factors that are self define by each
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: You are a "strategic" investor, which is to say that you are in the best position
Question: Was this a good deal on a mortgage? Answer: The price of the loan may be justified if you're considered a high-risk applicant for some reason (e.g. you're putting
Question: How does Value Averaging work in practice? Answer: Value averaging has you shift the balance of your portfolio over time, not the amount of contributions. So you can only
Question: Why does ExxonMobil's balance sheet show more liabilities than assets? Answer: Even assuming you were reading the balance sheet correctly it means nothing. What banks mostly care about is
Question: Are there any catches with interest from banks? Is this interest "too good to be true"? Answer: The 1.09% is per year, not per month, so you will be
Question: Are tax deductions voluntary? Answer: There are many people who have deductions far above the standard deduction, but still don't itemize. That's their option even though it comes at
Question: Why there's always a very huge volume of trades for AAPL every day before market close? Answer: A huge amount of money in all financial markets is from institutional
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: The stock market is no different in this respect to anything that's bought or sold.
Question: Is there a good strategy to invest when two stock companies either merge or acquisition? Answer: There's an old adage in the equities business - "buy on rumor, sell
Question: What explains the enormous increase in gold price in the early 21st century? Answer: Since 2007 the world has seen a period of striking economic and financial volatility featuring
Question: Getting financial advice: Accountant vs. Investment Adviser vs. Internet/self-taught? Answer: I think the OP is getting lost in designations. Sounds to me that what he wants is a 'financial
Question: What type of insurance would protect you against the Amazon 1p bug? Answer: I believe the appropriate recourse in this scenario is to bring a court case for breach
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: If you know the market will crash, you could opt for going short. However,
Question: Indicators a stock is part of a pump and dump scheme? Answer: Note: the answer below is speculative and not based on any first-hand knowledge of pump-and-dump schemes. The
Question: Where can one find intraday prices for mutual funds? Answer: This idea does not make sense for most mutual funds. The net asset value, or NAV, is the current
Question: Reinvesting dividends and capital gains Answer: I'd like to add that many companies offer Divident Re-Investment Plans or DRIPs, which is basically a regular automatic stock purchase program. More
Question: How can I buy government bonds from foreign countries? Answer: Significantly less effort to buy into any of several international bond index funds. Off the top of my head,
Question: If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans? Answer: You can contribute to a Traditional IRA instead of a Roth. The main difference
Question: For a car, would you pay cash, finance for 0.9% or lease for 0.9%? Answer: Dealer financing should be ignored until AFTER you have agreed on the price of
Question: Who can I get to help me roll my 401(k) into an IRA when I live overseas? Answer: It is typically very easy to roll a 401(k) into an
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: Tell them you will not loan them any more money until their existing debts are paid off. This
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: An activity which can help improve your credit score and actually make you
Question: Consequences of buying/selling a large number of shares for a low volume stock? Answer: It's illegal and you can go to jail because it exploits the small companies and
Question: Will having a secondary signee with bad credit on a mortgage raise or lower interest? Answer: Generally speaking the lower credit score trumps. In the case you cite, the
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: Besides overnight news events and auction mechanisms there is a more
Question: Does a stock's price represent current liquidation of all shares? Answer: What if everyone decided to sell all the shares at a given moment, let's say when the stock
Question: Is there any chance for a layperson to gain from stock exchange? [duplicate] Answer: Currencies are a zero-sum game. If you make money, someone else will lose it. Because
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: As an investment opportunity: NO. As a friendly assist with money you don't mind ever getting back, legal depending on amount. A few
Question: Is buying a home a good idea? Answer: It certainly seems like you are focusing on the emotional factors. That's your blind spot, and it's the surest path to
Question: Is there a good options strategy that has a fairly low risk? Answer: No. The more legs you add onto your trade, the more commissions you will pay entering
Question: Investing in dividend-yielding stocks with money borrowed from margin account? Answer: I wouldn't recommend leveraged dividend fishing. Dividend stocks with such high dividends are highly volatile, you will run
Question: Are PINs always needed for paying with card? Answer: Chip and Pin cards are popular in Europe, however in the US we don't have them. Visa/MC and Amex can
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: If the stock starts to go down DO NOT SELL!! My reasoning for this is because,
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: Of course, as a 'good' person (or maybe a 'stupid' person), I should call them, (wait 30
Question: Identifying "Dividend Stocks" Answer: How to find good divided stocks? Research and read. Google, Yahoo, and most likely your broker offer some sort of stock screener tool where you
Question: Is having a 'startup fund' a good idea? Answer: Saving money for the future is a good thing. Whether spending those savings on a business venture makes sense, will
Question: Stocks: do Good Till Cancelled orders get executed during after hours? Answer: You typically need to specify that you want the GTC order to be working during the Extended
Question: How does the importance of a cash emergency fund change when you live in a country with nationalized healthcare? Answer: The issue is how likely you will have zero
Question: How can I pay for school to finish my degree when I can't get a student loan and have bad credit? Answer: When considering such a major life decision,
Question: What's the best way to manage all the 401K accounts I've accumulated from my past jobs? Answer: Open an investment account on your own and have them roll the
Question: Does the currency exchange rate contain any additional information at all? Answer: No. An exchange rate tells you the exchange rate, that's all. Changes in exchange rates are a
Question: What do these numbers mean? (futures) Answer: No, it means that is only the notional value of that underlying asset of that contract, generally. The contract specification itself is
Question: What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate? Answer: The reason is the same as with cell phones payment plans. As competition
Question: How can I spend less? Answer: Try the Envelope Budgeting System. It is a pretty good system for managing your discretionary outflows. Also, be sure to pay yourself first.
Question: How can I stop a merchant from charging a credit card processing fee? Answer: Mastercard rules also prohibit asking for ID along with the card. Yet, when I was
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: It's done by Opening Auction (http://www.advfn.com/Help/the-opening-auction-68.html): The Opening Auction Between 07.50
Question: Should I pay myself a dividend or a salary? Answer: In cases like this you should be aware that tax treaties may exist and that countries are generally willing
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: Deposit check and send a personal check (resulting in tax and IRS reporting issues) That's a bad
Question: Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies? Answer: If you are eligible for FEE-HELP then this is by far the cheapest way of financing higher education
Question: Why do some companies offer 401k retirement plans? Answer: One important thing that hasn't been mentioned here is that the vast majority of companies have eventually eliminated their Company
Question: Freelancing and getting taxes taken out up front instead of end of year? Answer: It seems that you think you are freelancing, and they think you are an employee.
Question: Are there statistics showing percentage of online brokerage customers that are actually making a profit trading forex/futures/options? Answer: Interactive Brokers advertises the percent of profitable forex accounts for its
Question: Can I cover a short sale with the stock I already own? Answer: Yes, you call the broker and tell him to use those shares to deliver to the
Question: After Market Price change, how can I get it at that price? Answer: You can make a purchase at the after market price by sending an order that gets
Question: Different ways of looking at P/E Ratio vs EPS Answer: all other things being equal if you have two stocks, both with a P/E of 2, and one has
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: As @mbhunter says, make sure you pay off any debt you have first.
Question: Roth IRA all in one fund, or not? [duplicate] Answer: In your case, you could very well leave it in something like FFFFX, which for readers is a self
Question: How do annual risks translate into long-term risks? Answer: The short answer is the annualised volatility over twenty years should be pretty much the same as the annualised volatility
Question: Pros and Cons of Interest Only Loans Answer: Given the current low interest rates - let's assume 4% - this might be a viable option for a lot of
Question: Will prices really be different for cash and cards? Answer: My guess would be for small merchants there could be a small difference. For large merchants, the cash is
Question: Why and why would/wouldn't a company split their stock? Answer: A reason not to split your stock is that the value of the company might fall back again, and
Question: Money market account for emergency savings Answer: I think it's only a choice of terminology. Typically with a money market account has check-writing privileges whereas a savings account does
Question: How to calculate Price/Earnings - Price/Sales - Price/Free Cash Flow for given stock Answer: To calculate you take the Price and divide it by the Earnings, or by the
Question: What are the gains from more liquidity in ETF for small investors? Answer: In my opinion, if you are doing long-term investing, this is a non-issue. The difference of
Question: Should I sell the home in 2014 or continue to rent it out? Answer: You need to get the current tax software, the 2013 filing software is out already,
Question: Is there a mathematical formula to determine a stock's price at a given time? Answer: I found the answer. It was the Stock Ticker that I was looking for.
Question: Capital Gains in an S Corp Answer: These are all factually correct claims. S-Corporation is a pass-through entity, so whatever gain you have on the corporate level - is
Question: Are there any risks from using mint.com? Answer: Some banks allow mint.com read-only access via a separate "access code" that a customer can create. This would still allow an
Question: How is my employer affected if I have expensive claims on my group health insurance? Answer: Many big companies self insure. They pay the insurance company to manage the
Question: Should I use a credit repair agency? Answer: Repairing your credit takes time. Companies that offer to do it for you (for money) generally succeed mostly at getting money
Question: UK - How to receive payments in euros Answer: See my comment below about the official exchange rate. There is no "official" exchange rate to apply as far as
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: It's all about what you value personally. I'm mid-30s and drive a $40K "luxury" sports car. I also happen to wear a
Question: What is a straddle? Answer: Came across this very nice video which explains the "Long Straddle". Thought will share the link here: http://www.khanacademy.org/finance-economics/core-finance/v/long-straddle
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: While many answers correctly cite the effect of monopoly power.... there is a cost issue that no one
Question: What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking? Answer: Bank of America supports two-factor authentication using SMS messages, similar to PayPal. You can
Question: Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate? Answer: This is "incentive financing". Simply put, the car company isn't in the business of
Question: Can you sell stocks/commodities for any price you wish (either direct or market)? Answer: You answered your own question "whether someone buys is a different thing". You can ask
Question: 2 houses 450k each or one 800k? Answer: Because it appears you have in the neighborhood of 30 years remianing on your mortgage for the first house, If you
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: I believe that your dilemma comes from not having clearly defined consequences of buying it. On one side
Question: Paid by an American company but working from France: where should I pay taxes? Answer: There's nothing wrong with your reasoning except that you expect the tax laws to
Question: Do I need to own all the funds my target-date funds owns to mimic it? Answer: The goal of the single-fund with a retirement date is that they do
Question: How do I build wealth? Answer: You got some answers that essentially inform you that CEOs that have 200k written on their paysheet may in fact get much more.
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: Few people actually buy BMW's. Most are leased, because if you're the type of person who wants to
Question: How do I calculate tax liability on the turnover of a small vendor? Answer: There are quite a few questions as to how you are recording your income and
Question: Why would someone want to buy an option on the day of expiry Answer: The short answer to your initial question is: yes. The option doesn't expire until the
Question: Legal right to ask for someone bank records UK Answer: You might want to head on over to https://law.stackexchange.com/ and ask the same question. However from a personal finance
Question: Account that is debited and account that is credited Answer: The terms debit and credit come from double-entry book-keeping. In this system, every transaction is applied against two accounts:
Question: Do I need a Like-Kind Exchange when selling a personal vehicle for a company car Answer: You cannot do a like-kind (Sec. 1031) exchange for personal property, only for
Question: Odds of early assignment for a short in the money call Answer: It depends how deep in the money it is, compared to the dividend. Even an in the
Question: Why do some symbols not have an Options chain for specific expiration dates? Answer: The answer is actually very simple: the cost of data. Seriously. Call the CBOE tomorrow
Question: Can you explain why it's better to invest now rather than waiting for the market to dip? Answer: This simulation game uses actual historical S&P 500 data to test
Question: How to allocate profit and loss in partnership where one partner's activities are profitable and the other's aren't? Answer: You should have a partnership agreement of some sort. The
Question: Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit? Answer: I would go even farther than Victor's answer. There is little evidence that candlestick patterns and
Question: What are these fees attached to mutual fund FSEMX? Answer: Annual-report expense ratios reflect the actual fees charged during a particular fiscal year. Prospectus Expense Ratio (net) shows expenses
Question: Cannot get a mortgage because I work through a recruiter Answer: They are looking at your work history to see that you have maintained a similar level of income
Question: Please help me understand reasons for differences in Government Bond Yields Answer: The real question is what does FT mean by "Eurozone Bond". There is no central European government
Question: What is a good rental yield? Answer: A good quick filter to see if a property is worth looking at is if the total rent for the property for
Question: Should I take out a bigger mortgage, or pay a greater cash deposit? Answer: The answer to your question depends on your answer to this question: Would you be
Question: Should I invest in the pre-IPO company stock offered by my employer? Answer: Depending on your perspective of it, I can see reasons for and against this idea. Only
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: My approach won't work for everyone, but I keep a longer list of things I want in my
Question: Can increasing my tax withholding from my full-time job cover FICA taxes for my freelance work? Answer: Technically you owe 'self-employment' taxes not FICA taxes because they are imposed
Question: How does a typical vesting timeline work with respect to employer contributions? Answer: There are two dates that matter for vesting in this situation: If you left the company
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: The answers here are all correct. This is 100% scam, beyond any reasonable
Question: What is the best and most optimal way to use margin Answer: This essentially depends on how you prefer to measure your performance. I will just give a few
Question: Recourse with Credit Card company after victimized by fraud? Answer: Concealing parts of a document in order to obtain a signature is illegal. The company committed signature forgery because
Question: Pre-valuation of the company Answer: The value of the company is ill-defined until it actually has some assets and/or product. You give the investors whatever equity stakes you and
Question: Cashing a cheque on behalf of someone else Answer: If the cheque is not crossed, then your friend can write "payable to [your name]" above his signature when he
Question: Free "Rich Dad" education, with "free gift": Is it legitimate, or is it a sales ploy? Answer: Kiyosaki says his methods of actions are not suitable for the average
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: You are missing the fact that the company can buy back its own shares. For
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Use software that calculates your net worth and track it over time.
Question: Should I open a Roth IRA or invest in the S&P 500? Answer: A Roth IRA is simply a tax-sheltered account that you deposit funds into, and then invest
Question: Is gold subject to inflation? [duplicate] Answer: Gold isn't constant in value. If you look at the high price of $800 in January of 1980 and the low of
Question: Paying taxes on income earned in the US, but from a company based in Norway Answer: If you are paid by foreigners then it is quite possible they don't
Question: Why UK bank charges are not taken account when looking on interest for taxation? Answer: Because your profit from the capital IS 100 quid. Capital gains is not like
Question: Who owned my shares before me? Answer: A lot will depend on wether you have in your possession the physical share documents or just numbers in your brokerage portfolio.
Question: Economics: negative consumer sentiment following failure to upsell Answer: There are several different participants in the transaction, and you may not be aware of all the issues: In some
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: Because I feel the answers given do not wholely represent the answer you are expecting,
Question: How to find out the amount of preferred stock of Coca Cola Company? Answer: From The Coca-Cola Company website, section for Investors: Stock History, Issues Year 1919 Original issue
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: For iPhone: iExpenseIt
Question: How much financial information should a buyer give an estate agent? Answer: Estate agents need the amount of deposit you will put down because they want to be able
Question: Would every FX currency pair or public stock that is under the 30 level using Relative Strength Index (RSI) be an undervalued pair? Answer: No. The long-term valuation of
Question: If USA defaults on its debt, will the T bond holder get back his money Answer: There is no situation one can imagine in which the US defaults (beyond
Question: Is there any instrument with real-estate-like returns? Answer: Similarly to buying property on your own, REITs cannot get to good returns without leveraging. If you buy an investment property
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: You are comparing two things that are not comparable. The "market
Question: Why does FlagStar Bank harass you about payments within grace period? Answer: One option is to try to get a month ahead on your mortgage payments. Rather than using
Question: Does the stock market create any sort of value? Answer: You are correct that a share of stock in a company has zero intrinsic value. Even if the company
Question: Does wash sale apply if I buy stock on 2 two different dates and sell it later Answer: Is wash rule applicable for this? No - because you made
Question: What part of buying a house would make my net worth go down? Answer: In general, buying a house will improve your net worth over the long haul, because
Question: What does "netting" mean in this passage? Answer: netting means to combine cash inflows and outflows (e.g. debits/credits, payments/receipts, income/expense) by subtracting the sum of all outflows from the
Question: Are solar cell panels and wind mills worth the money? Answer: Solar water heaters are definitely worth the money (if you live in sunny states like South-South-West or Hawaii,
Question: What are my options other than stock piling money in a savings account? Answer: I think you need to understand the options better before you go around calling anything
Question: Can you explain "time value of money" and "compound interest" and provide examples of each? Answer: A real simple definition or analogy of present Value would be the "Principal"
Question: Moving Coin Collection to Stapled Coin Pockets Answer: This is primarily opinion based. It is like predicting what will happen in future, similar to predicting the value of stock.
Question: What is insider trading exactly? Answer: Using inside sensitive information about corporate and using the same to deal in securities, before the exchanges are made aware of the information.
Question: Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&P 500) when the index is at an all-time high? Answer: The simple answer is: Where 'think' stands for
Question: Everyone got a raise to them same amount, lost my higher pay than the newer employees Answer: Why do you think you are entitled to "fairness"? In this world
Question: How much money do you have to make every year before you have to pay tax? Answer: Since your YouTube income is considered self-employment income and because you probably
Question: Trading on exchanges or via brokerage companies? Answer: I was wondering what relations are between brokerage companies and exchanges? Are brokers representing investors to trade on exchanges? Yes...but a
Question: Mortgage company withholding insurance proceeds Answer: Have you found a general contractor to rebuild your home? I would imagine that someone with a bit of expertise in the area
Question: irr calculation on stock with dividends Answer: Re. question 2 If I buy 20 shares every year, how do I get proper IRR? ... (I would have multiple purchase
Question: What is a trust? What are the different types of trusts? Answer: Trusts are a way of holding assets with a specific goal in mind. At its simplest, a
Question: How to get the lowest mortgage rate on a new purchase? Answer: Purchase loans tend to be more challenging to get the best possible rate, because you have to
Question: How do I adjust to a new social class? Answer: Housing, eh? Housing costs are driven by salaries and land availability. Over in the Bay Area, $1500/mo for a
Question: Why real estate investments are compared via "cap rate"? Answer: Cap rate includes any interest on the mortgage and not the repayments of the mortgage. Cap rate represents the
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: Sadly, people with millions of dollars rarely give it away to complete strangers that they found at random on the Internet in
Question: In USA, what circumstances (if any) make it illegal for a homeless person to "rent" an address? Answer: It depends on the rules in the specific places you stay.
Question: What is the meaning of realization in finance? Answer: Realization is, literally, when something is made real. For example, let's say that you own some stock. You bought the
Question: Deferring claim of significant purchase of RRSPs Answer: You can't defer reporting of the RRSP purchases. The financial institution will report those purchases to CRA, and the CRA expects
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: Between 1 and 2 G is actually pretty decent for a High School Student. Your best bet in my
Question: Definition of gross income (Arizona state tax filing requirements) Answer: Disclaimer: I am not a tax professional. Please don't rely on this answer in lieu of professional advice. If
Question: Should I move my money market funds into bonds? Answer: How much money do you have in your money market fund and what in your mind is the purpose
Question: How to process IRS check as a non-resident? Answer: I suspect @SpehroPefhany is correct and that your bank will cash a check from the US Department of the Treasury.
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: Another benefit of holding shares longer was just pointed out in another question: donating
Question: Why can't the government simply payoff everyone's mortgage to resolve the housing crisis? Answer: Government purchases of mortgages simply transfers the debt burden from households to the sovereign. Taxes
Question: What's the most conservative split of financial assets for my portfolio in today's market? Answer: You don't say your level of consumer debt. You don't say how much of
Question: Which credit card is friendliest to merchants? Answer: Please don't waste any more time feeling bad for merchants for the charges they incur. I don't know who supported the
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: 1) Get some gold. 2) Walk around, yelling, "Hey, I have some gold, who wants to buy it?" 3) Once
Question: Are leverage/ko products the only reasonable way to trade stocks? Answer: There's no free lunch. Here are some positions that should be economically equivalent (same risk and reward) in
Question: Pay online: credit card or debit card? Answer: I completely agree with @littleadv in favor of using the credit card and dispute resolution process, but I believe there are
Question: Is it wise to switch investment strategy frequently? Answer: My super fund and I would say many other funds give you one free switch of strategies per year. Some
Question: 1000 pound to invest Answer: 1000 (/$/) is also not a lot to start with. Assuming you want to buy stocks or ETFs you will be paying fees on
Question: Is compounding interest on investments a myth? Answer: The S&P 500 index from 1974 to present certainly looks exponential to me (1974 is the earliest data Google has). If
Question: Snowball debt or pay off a large amount? Answer: I agree with the Dave Ramsey method as well. If you don't have $1k in the bank already, do that.
Question: No transaction fee ETF trades - what's the catch? Answer: Banks often offer cash to people who open savings accounts in order to drive new business. Their gain is
Question: Need a formula to determine monthly payments received at time t if I'm reinvesting my returns Answer: With 10% return over three years, depositing $900 each month, in three
Question: Can I borrow against my IRA to pay off debt or pay for a car? Answer: No. Borrowing is not allowed, but if you take a withdrawal, you have
Question: Legitimate unclaimed property that doesn't appear in any state directory? Answer: So while these companies are not a scam, 30% feels pretty darn high. How about you negotiate a
Question: Is there an investment account where I can owe taxes only if the net of capital gain and dividend payment is positive? Answer: Income and Capital are taxed separately
Question: My university has tranfered me money by mistake, and wants me to transfer it back Answer: Really a very straightforward situation, and subsequently, answer. Call the university pursors that
Question: Open Interest vs Volume for Stock Options Answer: You are asking 'what if', do you have some anticipated answers? Having volume smaller than open interest is the norm. As
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Something not in answers so far: define your goals. What is important to you? My
Question: Why does Yahoo miss some mutual fund dividends/capital gains? Answer: This looks more like an aggregation problem. The Dividends and Capital Gains are on quite a few occassions not
Question: How to systematically find sideways stocks? Answer: You can likely use bollinger band values to programmatically recognize sideways trending stocks. Bollinger band averages expand during periods of volatility and
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: In your specific case, I would leave them open unless you have a specific reason for wanting to
Question: Working abroad in Australia, what is involved financially and administratively? Answer: If you think there is no complication in your application and you can easily satisfy all criteria you
Question: What is the difference between trading and non-trading stock? Answer: A non-trading stock or non-marketable security or unlisted security is one that does not trade continually on an exchange.
Question: Should I replace bonds in a passive investment strategy Answer: I have had similar thoughts regarding alternative diversifiers for the reasons you mention, but for the most part they
Question: Does FHA goes hand in hand with PMI ? Answer: FHA insured loans must 'go hand in hand' with PMI, because the FHA element is the insurance itself. The
Question: Why do cash back credit cards give a higher rate for dining and gasoline purchases? Answer: I am not sure but probably it depends upon the cut the credit
Question: How important is disability insurance, e.g. long-term, LTD? Employer offers none Answer: (Oops - I had been meaning to come back to this Q. sooner. Just saw my reminder,
Question: Is it adventageous to expedite my wedding before the new year for tax savings? Answer: You are correct. If you get married by December 31, you will file as
Question: How safe is a checking account? Answer: Money in a U.S. checking account is FDIC insured, so it's "safe" in the sense that you don't have to worry about
Question: how does one start an investing club (as a company)? Answer: As for the letting the "wise" people only make the decisions, I guess that would be a bit
Question: Do property taxes get deducted 100% from the Annual Tax Return or only a fraction of them? Answer: Any deductable expense will reduce your taxable income not your tax
Question: I need a car for 2 years. Buy or lease (or something else)? Answer: Your short-term time frame makes buying used the best option, but it seems you already
Question: What is the opposite of a hedge? Answer: I guess the opposite of being hedged is being unhedged. Typically, a hedge is an additional position that you would take
Question: Why do investors buy stock that had appreciated? Answer: Imagine how foolish the people that bought Apple at $100 must have felt. It was up tenfold for the $10
Question: Do financial advisors get better deals on mortgages? Answer: Yes, maybe for themselves, but for you that depends on quite a number of things. But not all advisors are
Question: Which colors can one use to fill out a check in the US? Answer: Keep in mind that many checks are being cashed via scanner or photo. These can
Question: What's the appeal of dividends in investing? [duplicate] Answer: A dividend is one method of returning value to shareholders, some companies pay richer dividends than others; some companies don't
Question: Calculate Future Value with Recurring Deposits Answer: Using the following values: The formula for the future value of an annuity due is d*(((1 + i)^t - 1)/i)*(1 + i)
Question: Is there any reason to choose my bank's index fund over Vanguard? Answer: Basically, no. Selecting an actively managed fund over a low-fee index fund means paying for the
Question: Deceived by car salesman Answer: The only thing that is important here is the documentation you and your daughter signed. If that documentation states that you were a co-signer
Question: Pay down on second mortage when underwater? Answer: You're welcome to throw in the towel and stop paying any time you want. You'll just suffer the consequences of doing
Question: When's the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold? Answer: Here is one "other consideration": don't, don't, don't sell based on insider information.
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: I would turn down a 20% raise in salary without thinking, if they would offer that I can
Question: Why does a stock price drop as soon an I purchase several thousand shares at market price? Answer: You might consider learning how the "matching" or "pairing" system in
Question: Will paying off my car early hinder my ability to build credit? Answer: No. Credit scores are primarily built by doing the following: To build credit, get a few
Question: How an ETF reinvests dividends Answer: Let me answer by parts: When a company gives dividends, the share price drops by the dividend amount. Not always by that exact
Question: Claiming car as a business expense in the UK Answer: I'm going to look just at purchase price. Essentially, you can't always claim the whole of the purchase price
Question: Setting up general ledger/tax reporting for a Real Estate Rental LLC in GnuCash Answer: You will need to set up accounts in your chart of accounts for each of
Question: What are the most efficient ways to bet on an individual stock beating the market? Answer: You could buy options. I do not know what your time horizon is
Question: What are institutional investors? Answer: Professional investors managing large investment portfolios for "institutions" -- a college, a museum, a charitable organization, et cetera. I'm not sure whether those managing
Question: Do high interest rates lead to higher bond yields or lower? Answer: Imagine that the existing interest rate is 5%. So on a bond with face value of 100,
Question: Is an analyst's "price target" assumed to be for 12 months out? Answer: The time horizon applicable to the price target is always specified by the broker or bank
Question: What are some signs that the stock market might crash? Answer: Although it is impossible to predict the next stock market crash, what are some signs or measures that
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: A "true" 0% loan is a losing proposition for the bank, that's true. However when you
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: Short answer: NO. Do NOT buy a house. Houses are a "luxury" good (see Why is a
Question: Primary Residence to Investment Property - Changing PMI Terms Answer: You could be in a bit of a bind. I wouldn't push it any more until you read your
Question: How to reconcile performance with dividends? Answer: Just look at the published annualized returns, which are inclusive of distributions and fees. From the Vanguard website: Average annual returns include
Question: When shorting a stock, do you pay current market price or the best (lowest) available ask price? Answer: I would never use a market order. Some brokerages have an
Question: Finding a good small business CPA? Answer: Ask your colleagues! I know that sounds obvious, but just go to where people who do your sort of business hang out
Question: Should I move my money market funds into bonds? Answer: There is a thing called the Sharpe Ratio. This Ratio takes return/risk with risk being defined as the standard
Question: First time investing in real-estate, looks decent? Answer: Congratulations, you are in great shape financially at a very young age. Great income, nice equity in a home, and mostly
Question: What is inflation? Answer: When we speak about a product or service, we generally refer to its value. Currency, while neither a product or service, has its own value.
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Stephen's answer is the 100% correct one made with the common Economics assumption, that people
Question: how does one start an investing club (as a company)? Answer: +1 for noting that you are in it for the long haul. I also think this is a
Question: Retirement Funds: Betterment vs Vanguard Life strategy vs Target Retirement Answer: First, congratulations on choosing to invest in low cost passively managed plans. If you choose any one of
Question: What does "Settling your Debt" entail, and how does it compare to other options? Answer: If you are struggling with debt and cannot realistically pay your debts off with
Question: Is investing in an ETF generally your best option after establishing a Roth IRA? Answer: When investing small amounts, you should consider the substantial toll that commissions will take
Question: High credit utilization, some high interest - but credit score not overly bad. How to attack debt in this situation? Answer: The bottom line is you have an income
Question: Importance of dividend yield when evaluating a stock? Answer: Dividends yield and yield history are often neglected, but are very important factors that you should consider when looking at
Question: Why should a company go public? Answer: The reason to go public is to get money. Not to be snarky, but your question is like asking, "Why should a
Question: 1 EIN doing business under multiple business names Answer: You're confusing a lot of things here. Company B LLC will have it's sales run under Company A LLC, and
Question: Can I pay estimated taxes based on last year's taxes if I anticipate more income this year? Answer: You're interpreting this correctly. Furthermore, if your total tax liability is
Question: I'm upside down on my car loan and need a different car, what can I do? Answer: I am new to the site and hope I can help! We
Question: Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets? Answer: Candlesticks and TA are a relic of pre-computer trading, period. Market makers use sophisticated algorithms not for
Question: Are mutual funds a good choice for a medium to low risk investment with a two year horizon? Answer: First, you don't state where you are and this is
Question: What's the benefit of opening a Certificate of Deposit (CD) Account? Answer: Others have pointed out why one typically chooses a CD: to lock in an interest rate that's
Question: IRA contributions in a bear (bad) market: Should I build up cash savings instead? Answer: The first two answers to this are very good, but I feel like there
Question: GAAP for items that you both sell and make? Answer: First, please allow me to recommend that you do not try gimmickry when financials do give expected results. It's
Question: Can I negotiate a credit card settlement by stopping payments? Answer: At no point is it ever a good idea to "stop making payments to show them [you] mean
Question: Can a credit card company raise my rates for making a large payment? Answer: No. That's pretty unlikely. Card issuers typically base your rate on your credit score. Paying
Question: Price of a call option Answer: When I log in to Schwab to look at these options it tells me there's only Adjusted Options available on these terms: Adjusted
Question: Credit card statement dates follow pattern? Answer: My guess: they are giving you a constant number of days between when the bill is sent and when it is due.
Question: Mortgage sold to yet another servicer. What are my options? Answer: Are my mortgage terms locked in? Who oversees this? Yes your terms like rate, balance, penalties, due dates,
Question: How should I calculate the opportunity cost of using a 401(k) loan? Answer: Make sure that when you have the loan you still contribute enough to get the company
Question: What foreign exchange rate is used for foreign credit card and bank transactions? Answer: In addition to the SELL rate on the statement transaction day, currency conversion fees of
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: There's something very important no one else has mentioned... times when the stock market falls dramatically are
Question: How to categorize credit card payments? Answer: Using the Transfer category is the best place to put these categories, as that accurately reflects what the transaction is. If you
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: Find a physical activity
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: This is a tough question, because it is something very specific to your situation and
Question: Recommendation on Options Back Testing tool please Answer: Based on my experience with OpenQuant, which is a development platform for automated trading strategies (and therefore can be easily be
Question: Which credit card is friendliest to merchants? Answer: Merchants that accept American Express should have decided that the extra costs are worth the increased business (many business travelers only
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: I never understood why people lease rather than buy or finance. I'm financing a new
Question: Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments by Selling Originally Bought Shares Answer: In addition to the answer from CQM, let me answer your 'am I missing anything?'
Question: Digital envelope system: a modern take Answer: Envudu (envudu.com) looks very promising, and I think what they are planning to put out will do essentially everything you want. It's
Question: Creating S-Corp: Should I Name My Wife as a Director/Shareholder? Answer: If you're creating an S-Corp for consulting services that you personally are going to provide, what would it
Question: Historical Stock Price Quote on delisted stock without knowing stock symbol as of quote date Answer: You need a source of delisted historical data. Such data is typically only
Question: Taxation of shares Answer: If you sell your shares for more than their value at the time you received them (i.e. you make a profit) then you will be
Question: How long can a company keep the money raised from IPO of its stocks? Answer: Yes, that is correct. There is no limit. An initial public offering of common
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: It used to be Nigerian royalty, now it's Ghanaian porn stars. Great. This is a bog-standard 419 scam. It's probably the most
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: So here are some of the risks of renting a property: Plus the "normal" risk of losing your
Question: What's a good free checking account? Answer: Capital One 360. No minimums balance, no fees. Everything's online. Make deposits using an app or an image of the check. ATMs
Question: Where can I trade FX spot options, other than saxobank.com? Answer: Have you looked at ThinkorSwim, which is now part of TD Ameritrade? Because of their new owner, you'll
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: Paying off your mortgage early being good is a myth. It is great for the chronic overspenders to
Question: Is it possible to trade CFD without leverage? Answer: Generally not, however some brokers may allow it. My previous CFD Broker - CMC Markets, used to allow you to
Question: What is the best way to determine if you should refinance a mortgage? Answer: Our mortgage provider actually took the initiative to send us a refinance package with no
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: Your son is in the right. But he broke the "unwritten" rules, which is why the car
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: Here in Germany there is a special case. I am studying (and working a little on the side)
Question: New vending route business, not sure how to determine taxes Answer: Actually, calculating taxes isn't that difficult. You will pay a percentage of your gross sales to state and
Question: What governs the shape of price history graphs? Answer: Dividend-paying securities generally have predictable cash flows. A telecom, electric or gas utility is a great example. They collect a
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: Spend less than you earn. If you have no job (source of income), then you can not possibly stay out of
Question: Applying for and receiving business credit Answer: I'm afraid the great myth of limited liability companies is that all such vehicles have instant access to credit. Limited liability on
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: Best thing to do is convert your money into something that will retain value. Currency
Question: Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under? Answer: To the average consumer, the financial health of a bank is completely irrelevant.
Question: Super-generic mutual fund type Answer: If you are looking for an index index fund, I know vanguard offers their Star fund which invests in 11 other funds of theirs
Question: Should the price of fuel in Australia at this point be so high? Answer: First price isn't artificially maintained at a level. When a refining company signs a contract
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: Ignoring that liability car insurance is usually a state mandated requirement and that
Question: Can a buy market order be matched with a sell market order in Forex trading? Answer: Based on my research while asking How are unmarketable market orders (other side
Question: Creating S-Corp: Should I Name My Wife as a Director/Shareholder? Answer: There are many aspects to consider in deciding what sort of company you want to form. Instead of
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: You have a job "lined up". What if it falls through? Then you have to sell your fancy car, and you
Question: Investment in mutual fund in India for long term goals Answer: On reading couple of articles & some research over internet, I got to know about diversified investment where
Question: Can a shareholder be liable in case of bankruptcy of one of the companies he invested in? Answer: No, assuming by "public company" you mean a corporation. The shareholder's
Question: What happens to options if a company is acquired / bought out? Answer: A lot may depend on the nature of a buyout, sometimes it's is for stock and
Question: Why are real-term bond yields systematically declining, and what does it mean for investors? Answer: Keep in mind there are a couple of points to ponder here: Rates are
Question: How to calculate cash loss over time? Answer: It helps to put the numbers in terms of an asset. Say a bottle of wine costs 10 dollars, but the
Question: Overseas Foreign Earned Income; Can I take the Home Office Deduction for a home office based outside the United States? Answer: You are pushing your luck, but not because
Question: Should I switch to this high rate checking account for my emergency fund? Answer: I do this, and as you say the biggest downside is not having a separate
Question: Are American Eagle $20 gold coins considered "securities", requiring dealers to be licensed to sell them as such? Answer: No. Securities brokers/dealers in the United States are licensed to
Question: How can small children contribute to the "family economy"? Answer: (Although I disagree with the idea of getting a child working a real job to early, (I think kids
Question: Buying and selling the same stock Answer: No, you can not cheat the IRS. This question is also based on the assumption that the stock will return to $1
Question: Precedent and models for 100% equity available via initial offering? Answer: Founder makes available 100% equity, but uses a reasonable amount of the proceeds to pay him/herself a salary
Question: Good at investing - how to turn this into a job? Answer: Step 1: Get a part-time job in sales. Perhaps selling appliances at Sears. Step 2: If you
Question: Can I open a bank account in the US remotely? Will I pay taxes for the money on it? Answer: Answering for US tax only: The bank account makes
Question: how does one start an investing club (as a company)? Answer: Taxes are the least of your concerns. Your friends need licenses. Although this COULD be avoided entirely with
Question: How much does taking a Microeconomics course help you understand the field of investing? Answer: Not much at all, especially an introductory level Microeconomics class. There are a few
Question: Do you avoid tax when taking a home equity loan? Answer: (credits to Joe's answer above which alluded to what I was not considering) You aren't "bypassing" the tax
Question: What is the difference between fixed-income duration and equity duration? Answer: A bond has a duration that can be easily calculated. It's the time weighted average of all the
Question: How to contribute to Roth IRA when income is at the maximum limit & you have employer-sponsored 401k plans? Answer: From the way you frame the question it sounds
Question: Smartest Place to Put Tax Refund Answer: Congratulations on your graduation and salary. You are in a great career field (I know from experience.) As a background, I would
Question: Can I pay taxes using bill pay from my on-line checking account? Answer: And if you need to pay business taxes outside of the regular US 1040 form, you
Question: Consequences of buying/selling a large number of shares for a low volume stock? Answer: I've alway thought that it was strange, but the "price" that gets quoted on a
Question: How will I pay for college? Answer: First, it's clear from your story that you very likely should be able to receive some financial aid. That may be in
Question: What is the 'real' monthly cost of a car? Answer: How can I find out what these 'additional' costs will be when looking to buy a car? If you
Question: Is it beneficial to convert non-investment real estate to rental if I need to make major repairs? (USA/Missouri) Answer: I think you may have a significant misunderstanding here. You
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: Paying off the debt is low-risk, low-reward. You're effectively guaranteed a 4% return. If you buy a mutual
Question: Is it possible to borrow money to accrue interest, and then use that interest to pay back the borrower + fees? Answer: Your plan as proposed will not work,
Question: Monthly payment on a compounded daily car loan? [duplicate] Answer: I would like to know how they calculated such monthly payment The formula is: Your values would come out
Question: does one have to keep stock until the dividend payment date to get the dividend? (Record Date vs Payment Date) [duplicate] Answer: You only have to hold the shares
Question: Ways to get individual securities from ETF's Answer: ETFs are legally required to publicly disclose their positions at every point in time. The reason for this is that for
Question: Do Banks Cause Inflation? What are other possible causes? Answer: No, it isn't generally believed that inflation is caused by individual banks printing money. Governments manage money supply through
Question: Why does Warren Buffett say his fund performance, relatively, is likely to be better in a bear market than in a bull market? Answer: From the letter you link:
Question: Can one use dollar cost averaging to make money with something highly volatile? Answer: As you mentioned in the title, what you're asking about comes down to volatility. DCA
Question: Wash Sales and Day Trading Answer: Yes, an overall $500 loss on the stock can be claimed. Since the day trader sold both lots she acquired, the Wash Sale
Question: 40 year old A and J makes 1M a year. What is the best investment to save on tax? Answer: There is nothing legal you can do in the
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: There is one other factor that I haven't seen mentioned here. It's easy to assume
Question: When's the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold? Answer: This happened to me recently. What became the final offer was a cash
Question: Is it a good idea to get an unsecured loan to pay off a credit card that won't lower a high rate? Answer: Why not just get another credit
Question: Why public companies care how their stock price fluctuates? [duplicate] Answer: The folks who hold stock are the legal owners of the company. If a majority of stock holders
Question: Did the New York Stock Exchange ever close on a weekday so they could file paperwork? Answer: Yes, from June 1968 until December 1968, they closed the NYSE every
Question: I have $12k in a Chase checking account, but want to start earning interest/saving/investing/etc to make more money. What should I do? Answer: Alright so you have $12,000 and
Question: What can I take from learning that a company's directors are buying or selling shares? Answer: This could be another reason. "Companies buy their own stock in the market
Question: Suitable Vanguard funds for a short-term goal (1-2 years) Answer: A bond fund like VBMFX or similar I think are a good choice. Bonds are far less volatile and
Question: Why call option price increases with higher volatility Answer: Understanding the BS equation is not needed. What is needed is an understanding of the bell curve. You seem to
Question: At what point is the contents of a trust considered to be the property of the beneficiary? Answer: Both a trust and an estate are separate, legal, taxpaying entities,
Question: Why might it be a bad idea to invest 100% of your 401(k) into a stock index fund? Answer: At your age, I don't think its a bad idea
Question: How can foreign investor (residing outside US) invest in US company stocks? Answer: Instead of SSN, foreign person should get a ITIN from the IRS. Instead of W9 a
Question: How to calculate car insurance quote Answer: Does the Insurance value differ from state to state (for example I've a car in Hawaii and there is another car in
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: This question feels like an EL&U question to me, and so I will treat it as one. Investment, noun form
Question: Dry cleaners lost $160 pants, what should I do? Answer: Read the claim ticket or receipt for when you made the initial drop-off. Every dry cleaning business that I've
Question: Options on the E-mini S&P 500 Futures at the CME: when were EW3, the weekly Monday options and the weekly Wednesday options introduced? Answer: The traditional E-mini S&P500 options
Question: Should I use a bank or a credit union for my savings account? Answer: Your instructor's numbers do not seem to have any basis in current reality. At this
Question: Why is it important to research a stock before buying it? Answer: Most markets around the world have been downtrending for the last 6 to 10 months. The definition
Question: How to Explain "efficient frontier" to child? Answer: I know you really like bananas, but don't you think you would get tired of them after a while? Better stock
Question: Fractional Reserve Banking and Insolvency Answer: You bet if it was so simple. This is when financial acumen comes into its true form. The bank would never ever want
Question: What is the "Short sale circuit breaker rule"? Answer: Summary: The phrase "short sale circuit breaker" rule normally refers to the SEC's recent adoption of a new version of
Question: Connection between gambling and trading on stock/options/Forex markets Answer: For stocks, I would not see these as profiting at the expense of another individual. When you purchase/trade stocks, you
Question: Is it a gift or not? Answer: Part of 'consideration', I imagine, would be the obligation of either party to follow through on an agreement, not only fair market
Question: How much share do the venture capitalists want if they invest in our website? Answer: I have worked with venture capitalists on a few different online based tools. There
Question: Finding a good small business CPA? Answer: Ask for at least 10 references. Ask for 10 because it will be harder for them to refer you to ringer references
Question: How are mortgage interest rates determined? Answer: One will find that the fixed 30 year mortgage rate is tightly correlated to the 10 year treasury. An adder of 2-2.5%
Question: Is it prudent to sell a stock on a 40% rise in 2 months Answer: Sell half. If it's as volatile as you say, sell it all and buy
Question: Should I "hedge" my IRA portfolio with a life cycle / target date mutual fund? Answer: I choose lifecycle funds because I am placing faith (perhaps foolishly) that a
Question: Savings account with fixed interest or not? Answer: Personally I would have a hard time "locking up" the money for that very little return. I would probably rather earn
Question: Effect of Job Change on In-Progress Mortgage Application Answer: Best advice is to ask your lender. That being said, if you are changing jobs, but keeping the same type
Question: Why do so many NFL (pro football) players have charities? Answer: BobbyScon's answer really covers this, but perhaps isn't sufficiently explicit. Reason 1 of the quotation is the largest,
Question: Plan/education for someone desiring to achieve financial independence primarily through investing? Answer: The basic problem here is that you need to have money to invest before you can make
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: So here's the sad truth. He might actually be making a return on his investment. Not because
Question: Finance algebra Answer: With the following variables the periodic (annual) repayment is given by The recurrence equation for the balance b at the end of month x is derived
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: Such an offer has negative value, so it's hard to see
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: While there are many very good and detailed answers to this question, there is one
Question: Should I really pay off my entire credit card balance each month or should I maintain some balance? Answer: Always pay on time, and stop listening to whoever is
Question: How to find historical stock price for a de-listed or defunct company? Answer: http://www.euroinvestor.com/exchanges/nasdaq/macromedia-inc/41408/history will work as DumbCoder states, but didn't contain LEHMQ (Lehman Brother's holding company). You can
Question: As an investor what are side effects of Quantitative Easing in US and in EU? Answer: Well if your looking to explain inflation to children, I would use this
Question: Layman's guide to getting started with Forex (foreign exchange trading)? Answer: There are various indexes on the stock market that track the currencies. Though it is different than Forex
Question: Does my net paycheck decrease as the year goes on due to tax brackets filling up? Answer: If your payroll payments are the same each period, you will generally
Question: When people say 'Interest rates are at all time low!"  Which interest rate are they actually referring to? Answer: I would say people are generally talking about the
Question: Why are there many small banks and more banks in the U.S.? Answer: I can't find a citation, but from memory (EDIT: and reading the newspapers at the time
Question: Live in Florida & work remote for a New York company. Do I owe NY state income tax? Answer: If you're not a NY (tax) resident, then as long
Question: Is this legal: going long on call options and artificially increasing the price of the underlying asset seconds before expiration? Answer: This can be done, you can be prosecuted
Question: What are the primary investment strategies people use and why do they use them? Answer: Your question seems to be making assumptions around "investing", that investing is only about
Question: Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia Answer: You could do nothing for a while longer. Foreign exchange simply means your services are cheaper and imports and more expensive,
Question: Executing a stop loss at the purchase price? Answer: You will lose out on your spread, you always pay a spread. Also, if you are looking at a strategy
Question: Where to find the 5 or 10 year returns for a mutual fund? Answer: Yahoo's primary business isn't providing mutual fund performance data. They aim to be convenient, but
Question: How to get 0% financing for a car, with no credit score? Answer: Yes, of course it is. Car dealers are motivated to write loans even more than selling
Question: Filling Balance sheet in ITR4 for freelancers Answer: ITR-4 is for incorporated business. For freelancing, You can fill ITR 2 and declare the freelancing income as "income from other
Question: Reason for "qualified" buyer requirements to exercise stock options/rights spun off from parent company? Answer: Accredited investors are required to have 1 million in assets (not including primary residence)
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: A credit card can be a long running line of credit that will help to boost your FICO score. However if you
Question: How do I find out the Earnings Per Share of a Coca Cola Co Share? Answer: You're missing a very important thing: YEAR END values in (U.S.) $ millions
Question: Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets? Answer: I interned for about six months at a firm that employed a few technical analysts, so I'll
Question: What is an "Options Account"? Answer: Options are a derivative product, and in this case, derive their value from an underlying security, a traded stock. An option gives you
Question: What's the fuss about Credit Score / History? Answer: Simply staying out of debt is not a good way of getting a good credit score. My aged aunt has
Question: I want to invest in a U.S.-based company with unquoted stocks, but I am a foreigner. How to do this? Answer: Life would be nicer had we not needed
Question: What does an x% inflation rate actually mean? Answer: Let's say there's a product worth $10 in July and the inflation rate in August is 10%. Will it then
Question: property owned 50/50 between my brother and me Answer: ASSUMING you're talking about a property in the United States, the answer generally would be "no". You aren't actually paying
Question: As an independent contractor, should I always charge the client the GST/HST? Answer: Hourly rate is not the determinant. You could be selling widgets, not hours. Rather, there's a
Question: What is the minimum age for early retirement Answer: You can withdraw from CPP as early as 60. However, by doing so, you will permanently reduce the payments. The
Question: What happens to people without any retirement savings? Answer: I'm afraid you have missed a few of the outcomes commonly faced by millions of Americans, so I would like
Question: Can I get a mortgage from a foreign bank? Answer: You definitely used to be able to (see this BBC article from 2006), and I would imagine that you
Question: Which types of insurances do I need to buy? Answer: It sounds like you're putting all your extra money into insurances because you feel that one can never have
Question: Why are banks providing credit scores for free? Answer: It's the inevitable result of the Fair, Isaac Company deciding to sell access to credit scores to the general public:
Question: TOCOM oil in USD Answer: TOCOM Crude is a cash-settled blend of Oman and Dubai crude oil, both quoted in USD. The daily settlement price is mark to market,
Question: Does re-financing an FHA-insured mortgage incur the UFMIP again? Answer: When you got your original HUD backed mortgage there were three options: monthly, annual and upfront payments. The plan
Question: How and Where can I easily pull data for the Dow 30? Answer: The current Dow divisor is in Historical Divisor Changes. The OpenOffice GetQuote function offers fields for
Question: Making an offer on a property - go in at market price? Answer: Both of my primary home purchases were either at, or close to asking price. My first
Question: How can I stop a merchant from charging a credit card processing fee? Answer: It may seem very simple on its face but you don't know the merchant's agreement.
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: You can do several things: After the fact: If
Question: The Purpose of Change Machines Answer: I think you're talking about two types of machines, at least in the United States. The term change machine usually refers to a
Question: How to bet against the London housing market? Answer: While I am not an advocate of shorting anything (unlimited downside, capped upside), you can:
Question: How profitable is selling your customer base? Answer: There are business that exist by harvesting leads and selling them to other companies. These leads can be access to resumes
Question: Would selling significantly below market affect the value of a stock Answer: Assuming you are executing your order on a registered exchange by a registered broker, your order will
Question: What is the difference between equity and assets? Answer: Not to detract from the other answers at all (which are each excellent and useful in their own right), but
Question: Making money through CFD Answer: A CFD is like a bet. Bookies don't own horses or racetracks but you still pay them and they pay you if the horses
Question: Is sales tax for online purchases based on billing- or shipping address? Answer: Apparently it's based on either the address of the seller or vendor or your shipping address;
Question: Why would parents, of a young adult without dependents, not profit from the young adult's Term Life Insurance? Answer: It is not likely the YA would die in 10
Question: Why do deep in the money options trade below their intrinsic value? Answer: You made 94$ on an investment of 554.80 *100 = 55480$ for an approx holding period
Question: Can I estimate other people's credit limit at the grocery store? Answer: What you're referring to is Visa Easy Payment Services (VEPS). Other payment processors have similar programs. Basically,
Question: Can I register for VAT to claim back VAT without selling VAT applicable goods? (UK) Answer: You cannot "claim back" VAT. What happens is that if you sell goods
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: I haven't seen this answer, and I do not know the legality of it, as it could
Question: Would there be tax implications if I used AirBnB as opposed to just renting out a unit normally? Answer: There's no tax difference between using AirBnB or Craigslist or
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: Interestingly enough, "strategic default" seems to be more common than one might think in California and there is actually a
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Keep track of everything you buy. Write it down and be accountable.
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: No you can't buy direct from Toyota. Largely because of many
Question: Can preventive health checkup be claimed as a separate expense from medical expenses? Answer: Deduction for Health Checkup is allowed under Section 80D and is allowed to everyone whether
Question: Possibility of donations in an educational site Answer: You can have a way for people to pay, i.e. some kind of payment gateway. Run as Business: Best create a
Question: What is the future of 401(k) in terms of stability and reliability? Answer: The same author wrote in that article "they have a trillion? Really?" But thats what happens
Question: When is the right time to buy a new/emerging technology? Answer: The short answer is that it's never the right time to buy an emerging technology. As long as
Question: U.S. stock sales- tax on sale for NR Canadian Answer: If you're a non resident then you owe no capital gains tax to Canada. Most banks won't let you
Question: Should I pay a company who failed to collect VAT from me over 6 months ago? Answer: Note: I am not a lawyer. This is my personal opinion and
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: I've read the answers and respect the thought behind them. I'd like to focus on (a) the
Question: Are these scenarios considered as taxable income? Answer: For case 1, there is no tax due as you sold the book for less than your cost basis. If you
Question: Can gold prices vary between two places or country at the same time? Answer: I don't know about an actual example now, but in the past, India had restrictions
Question: What happens if one brings more than 10,000 USD with them into the US? Answer: Bad plan. This seems like a recipe for having your money taken away from
Question: If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know? Answer: If you buy a car using a loan, the dealer gets benefited by
Question: Not paying cash for a house Answer: Pay cash for the house but negotiate at least a 4% discount. You already made your money without having to deal with
Question: Put Option Pricing Answer: Standard options are contracts for 100 shares. If the option is for $0.75/share and you are buying the contract for 100 shares the price would
Question: How to check the paypal's current exchange rate? Answer: I cannot speak for Paypal specifically and I doubt anyone who doesn't actually work on their internal automated payment systems
Question: May 6, 2010 stock market decline/plunge: Why did it drop 9% in a few minutes? Answer: Trading error at Citi
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: Probably my biggest cost saving is to make my own sandwiches for lunch. I take this one step
Question: what if a former employer contributes to my 401k in the year following my exit? Answer: The vast majority of individual taxpayers in the United States operate on a
Question: When should I start saving/investing for my retirement? Answer: Here's a good strategy: Open up a Roth IRA at a discount-broker, like TD Ameritrade, invest in no-fee ETF's, tracking
Question: Does a stock's price represent current liquidation of all shares? Answer: Is the stock's price at any given moment the price at which all shares could be sold to
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: I suppose it depends on how liquid you need, and if you're willing to put forth any risk whatsoever.
Question: Is there a rule that a merchant must identify themself when making a charge Answer: Here's an excerpt from VISA's Card Acceptance Guidelines for Visa Merchants (PDF) The merchant
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: I think because that high price and the fact that you anyway have a limited time to buy
Question: Formula for recalculation of a bad loan, i.e. where payments were missed? Answer: There's not quite enough to answer the question in full. For the two years of non-payment,
Question: What does ES1 refer to in this picture? Answer: That looks like a Bloomberg terminal. And like @Jer said, it would appear to be the symbol for the S&P
Question: Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold? Answer: 10% is way high unless you really dedicate time to managing your investments.
Question: Should I purchase a whole life insurance policy? (I am close to retirement) Answer: Disclaimer: I work in life insurance, but I am not an agent. First things first,
Question: Why can't I short a stock that sells for less than $5? Is there another way to "go short" on them? Answer: If this is the initial transaction, the
Question: interest rate on online banks Answer: I beg to differ: Israel has an incredibly well managed central bank, and the usury market is wonderfully competitive. It's a shame Stanley
Question: What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash Answer: I would also be getting out of the stock market if I noticed prices
Question: Buying my first car: why financing is cheaper than paying cash here and now? Answer: The advice given at this site is to get approved for a loan from
Question: Germany: Employee and Entrepreneur at same time (for getting AppStore payments) Answer: (Selling apps is AFAIK business, not freelancing - unless the type of app you produce is considered
Question: Do I need to start a 529 plan for each child (2 separate plans), or can I just open one 529 plan and let both children use it? Answer:
Question: How to trade at Athens Stock Exchange (ASE) Answer: Saxo Bank offers direct access to Athens Stock Exchange. Interactive Brokers is your next best bet, and as you probably
Question: What is the easiest way to back-test index funds and ETFs? Answer: check pastsat-backtesting , backtesting tool, where one can can test on well known technical indicators without coding
Question: Is it worth trying to find a better minimum down payment for a first time home buyer? Answer: It's worthwhile to try and find a better minimum down-payment. When
Question: Is unrealized gain part of asset? Answer: Stocks, as an asset, represent the sum of the current market value of all of your holdings. If your portfolio is showing
Question: What publicly available software do professional stock traders use for stock analysis? Answer: Bloomberg is very popular, especially for researching individual companies. Market QA and Factset are popular for
Question: How can rebuilding a city/large area be considered an economic boost? Answer: It certainly creates an opportunity for the re-distribution of wealth. Money will be transferred from insurance companies
Question: The Intelligent Investor: Northern Pacific Railway example Answer: The company was paying "only" $1 a share in dividends, compared to $10 a share in earnings. That is a so-called
Question: What threshold to move from SEP to Solo401k? Answer: I think this article explains it pretty well: Contributions to a SEP are limited to 20% of your business income
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: I think, the top three answers by Joe, Anthony and Bigh are giving you all the detail that you
Question: Are PINs always needed for paying with card? Answer: As far as I'm aware, PINs are only used for in-person transactions, not 'remote' (over the Internet or phone).
Question: Does dollar cost averaging really work? Answer: If you define dollar cost cost averaging as investing a specific dollar amount over a certain fixed time frame then it does
Question: Why do sole proprietors in India generally use a current account? Answer: Current account offers a lot of benefits for sole proprietors. Think of it like bank account for
Question: How are proceeds from writing covered calls taxed? Answer: The tax comes when you close the position. If the option expires worthless it's as if you bought it back
Question: How To Report Cryptocurrency Earnings? Answer: While this does fall under the "All-inclusive income" segment of GI (gross income), there are two questions that come up. I invested in
Question: How does leverage work? Answer: For sake of simplicity, say the Euro is trading at $1.25. You have leveraged control of $100,000 given the 100x leverage. If you are
Question: Wash Sales and Day Trading Answer: You are correct. She cannot claim the initial loss of $1,000 on her taxes, she can only report the $500 profit. However, the
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: It seems like a lot of hassle to make a few bucks. $1,000 in nickels would weight 100kg. I'd rather put my money in
Question: If I have some old gold jewellery, is it worth it to sell it for its melt value? Answer: Avoid gold brokers who do business through the mail. Video
Question: Is it wise to invest small amounts of money short-term? Answer: Even straight index funds grow at about 6-7%. on average, or over long periods of time. In short
Question: Is laminate flooring an "Improvement" or "Depreciable Property"? Answer: Aesthetics aside, laminate floor is attached to the floor and as such is a part of the building. So you
Question: What is the opposite of a hedge? Answer: The opposite of a hedge is leverage (aka gearing). A hedge is where you spend money to reduce your exposure. Leverage
Question: How is a long call and short stock portfolio equivalent to lending money Answer: hmmm. I think it's because in both cases, you must pay for it up front,
Question: What are my options to make my money work for me? Answer: As stated in the comments, Index Funds are the way to go. Stocks have the best return
Question: car loan life insurance Answer: This greatly depends on the local laws and the insurance contract terms. If I remember correctly, my own life insurance policy does also have
Question: Selecting between investment vehicles for income Answer: You have a comparatively small sum to invest, and since you're presumably expecting to go to college.university soon, where you may well
Question: Does the "Free Ride" rule always apply to your entire collection of shares in a particular stock? Answer: Your question is unanswerable as you haven't provided enough information. I.e.
Question: What can I do when the trading price of a stock or ETF I want to buy is too high? Answer: If you find a particular stock to be
Question: Is there any way to pay online in a country with no international banking system Answer: If the vendor accepts cryptocurrencies, this may be your only option. It's not
Question: Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe? Answer: The United States Federal Reserve has decided that interest rates should be low. (They think
Question: How do you translate a per year salary into a part-time per hour job? Answer: As an easy and rough rule of thumb, a job for $55,000 per year
Question: Why index funds have different prices? Answer: Funds which track the same index may have different nominal prices. From an investors point of view, this is not important. What
Question: Maintaining "Woman Owned Business" while taking on investor Answer: To qualify as a woman owned business, a woman or group of women must own shares worth 51% of the
Question: Full-time work + running small side business: Best business structure for taxes? Answer: I have a very similar situation doing side IT projects. I set up an LLC for
Question: FTB sent refund check for 2011 during audit; Does this really mean that whole audit is over for 2011? Answer: Not it doesn't, and yes they can. If the
Question: Dry cleaners lost $160 pants, what should I do? Answer: You are looking to be made whole, so the requests need to be reasonable. You need to be clear
Question: Term loan overpayment options: applied to principal, or? Answer: It may have been the standard practice for a long time, and indeed it still is the common practice for
Question: What are the tax implications of lending to my own LLC? Answer: It'll be just like any other loan you make, on your end, and receive, on your LLC's
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: They are cheap because they are made from cheap material. All the homes in
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: When you buy a property the house or the building goes down in value every year (it gets
Question: Diversify across multiple brokers? Answer: You should ensure that your broker is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). SIPC protects the cash and securities in your
Question: How do I interpret this analysis from Second Opinion? Answer: No, you shouldn't buy it. The advice here is to keep any existing holdings but not make new purchases
Question: Over the long term, why invest in bonds? Answer: I can think of a few reasons for this. First, bonds are not as correlated with the stock market so
Question: When I ask a broker to buy stock, what does the broker do? Answer: You or the broker place an order to buy the share with the stock exchange.
Question: What reason would a person have to use checks in stores? Answer: Rational reason. They like this method of paying. There is a delay between writing the check and
Question: Capital improvement and depreciation in restaurant LLC Answer: First, you should probably have a proper consultation with a licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA licensed in your State). In fact you
Question: I've got $100K to invest over the next 2 to 7 years. What are some good options? Answer: I like precious metals and real estate. For the OP's stated
Question: Options strategy - When stocks go opposite of your purchase? Answer: Robert is right saying that options' prices are affected by implied volatility but is wrong saying that you
Question: Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors? Answer: As a matter of fact, I invest small sums in stable stocks every month (in fact, much lesser than the
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Try a tool like mint.com that will send you text messages regarding
Question: Investment strategy for retired couple Answer: You need to have them consult with a financial adviser that has a focus on issues for seniors. This is because they are
Question: Can't the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud? Answer: Yes, those numbers are all that is needed to withdraw funds, or at least set online
Question: Thorough Description of Yield to Maturity? Answer: What is a bond price? A bond is an asset, and like any tradeable asset it has a price. If I hold
Question: Paying off student loan or using that money for a downpayment on a house Answer: I think there are two questions here: (a) Is it better to continue living
Question: Can I depreciate a car given to me? Answer: Yes, you can depreciate gifts to your business subject to the special rules in  1011 and Regulation  1.10111
Question: Harmony Gold Mining Company is listed on the NYSE and JSE at different prices? Answer: On NYSE it isn't the equity which is listed but is an ADR(American Depositary
Question: I've tracked my spending and have created a budget, now what do I do with it? Answer: I think the answers you're going to receive are all going to
Question: No-line-of-credit debit card? Answer: This arrangement might be a bit of a pain, but what about Visa gift card(s)? The transfer of money just doesn't happen if the money
Question: How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother? Answer: Two suggestions: I don't know if you have them in South Africa, but here we
Question: What is most time-efficient way to track portfolio asset allocation? Answer: I found that an application already exists which does virtually everything I want to do with a reasonable
Question: Calculating theoretical Present Value Answer: If you are using an Excel, the Function PV should be able to easily calculate this. Excel Formulae PV = (Rate,Nper,Pmt,Fv,Type) Where Rate: Rate
Question: What is the fair value of a stock given the bid and ask prices? Is there such a relationship? Answer: None of the above. The fair value is a
Question: Shorting Obvious Pump and Dump Penny Stocks Answer: Assuming you have no non-public material information, it should be perfectly legal. I suspect it's not a great idea for the
Question: How exactly could we rank or value how "rich" a company brand is? Answer: Those rankings in particular that you cite are compiled by Millward Brown and the methodology
Question: Bid-Ask at market open, which comes first? [duplicate] Answer: The options market requires much more attention to avoid the situation you're describing. An overnight $10 ask will remain on
Question: Why is Insider Trading Illegal? Answer: To be flippant: it is illegal because it is against the law; there is no considered involved, it just is. To elaborate, part
Question: Are precious metals/collectibles a viable emergency fund? Answer: People normally hold precious metals as a protection against the whole system going down: massive inflation, lawlessness, etc. If our whole
Question: DJIA components multipliers Answer: You can create something like that by: You'll have to determine the PE ratio manually from the financial statements. To get the PE ratio for
Question: What resources can I use to try and find out the name of the manager for a given fund? Answer: The fund prospectus is a good place to start.
Question: What should I do with my money? Answer: Edit: I a in the United States, seek advice from someone who is also in Australia. I am getting about 5.5%
Question: When an insider discloses a stock trade are they required to execute? Answer: They are not required to fulfill the trade that they have intended to execute. They are
Question: Emulating a 'long straddle' without buying or selling Options? Answer: A long straddle using equity would be more akin to buying a triple leveraged ETF and an inverse triple
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: You'll own whatever fraction you bought. To own the company (as in,
Question: How bad is it to have a lot of credit available but not used? Answer: Unless you have a history of over-using credit (i.e. you've gotten yourself into debt
Question: How can a company charge a closed credit card? Answer: If this is a pre-authorized automatic billing, and if you have signed any contract with the merchant, cancelling may
Question: Will an ETF increase in price if an underlying stock increases in price Answer: The ETF supply management policy is arcane. ETFs are not allowed to directly arbitrage their
Question: Whole life insurance - capped earnings Answer: I need to see the policy you are referring to give a more accurate answer. However what could be happening, its again
Question: Is it normal for brokers to ask whether I am a beginner? Answer: In many places there are legal requirements to do so, essentially made to prevent brokers from
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: What I would do, in this order: Get your taxes in order. Don't worry about fancy
Question: Do I need a business credit card? Answer: I would suggest at least getting a personal card that you only use for business expenses, even if you don't opt
Question: My medical bill went to a collection agency. Can I pay it directly to the hospital? Answer: Short Answer Collections agencies and the businesses they collect for are two
Question: Stranger in Asia wants to send me $3000 in Europe over Western Union because he "likes me"? [duplicate] Answer: The first question I have to ask is, why would
Question: Is the repayment of monies loaned to my company considered income? Answer: I'm a Finance major in Finland and here is how it would go here. As you loan
Question: Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do? Answer: Would anything happen if you bring this issue to the attention of the HR department? Everyone in the
Question: Buying shares in employer's company during IPO Answer: its the best investment you can have specially with the company you work for and IPO, if i was you i
Question: Car dealer saying that they cannot see any credit information for my co-applicant. Could this be a scam? Answer: Its not a scam. The car dealership does not care
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: Partly I suspect this is selection bias. You say you see so many luxury cars go by. But if you're looking for
Question: Does it make sense to take out student loans to start an IRA? Answer: Depending on the student loan, this may be improper usage of the funds. I know
Question: How do I look for private limited partnership investment opportunities? (Or should I?) Answer: Investing in an existing company is almost like buying a house, or even becoming an
Question: Can I participate in trading Facebook shares on their IPO day from any brokerage? Answer: By definition, an IPO'd stock is publicly traded, and you can buy shares if
Question: Investing $50k + Real Estate Answer: Get rid of the lease and buy a used car. A good buy is an Audi because they are popular, high-quality cars. A
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: Chances are high your friend isn't in it for the money, but the community or some vague
Question: How can I build up my credit history when I have nearly none Answer: What's the fastest way I can raise my credit score from nothing? I worked at
Question: Investing Superannuation Australia Answer: You can make a start to learn how to make better investing decisions by learning and understanding what your current super funds are invested in.
Question: Do bond interest rate risk premiums only compensate for the amount investors might lose? Answer: [...] are all bonds priced in such a way so that they all return
Question: Where to find turnover / average amount of time investors & mutual funds held stocks they purchased? Answer: You can make a rough calculation of the annual turnover rate
Question: Why call option price increases with higher volatility Answer: Let's say a stock trades at $100 right now, and you can buy a $100 call option. When you buy
Question: How much money should I lock up in my savings account? Answer: Lets imagine two scenarios: 1) You make 10.4k (40% of total income) yearly contributions to a savings
Question: Should I negotiate a lower salary to be placed in a lower tax bracket? Answer: No, absolutely not. Income tax rates are marginal. The tax bracket's higher tax rate
Question: how does one see the CBOE VIX index on Google Finance? Answer: For whatever reason, I don't believe they offer it. Yahoo does. A google for google finance VIX
Question: Child is on the way, invest for college and car fund options - opinions Answer: Look at your options with a 529 program. If the money is used for
Question: What kind of symbol can be shorted? Answer: Some platforms/brokers have HTB indication for a stock symbol, meaning Hard To Borrow. That usually means you can't sell it short
Question: Can I use a different HSA than PayFlex that came with aetna? Answer: There are some cases I'm aware of where a large employer will offer alternative HSA vendors,
Question: How to compare the value of a Masters to the cost? Answer: Just looking at your question I can tell it's not worth it financially, even if you didn't
Question: How do straddles that involve selling options protect against early assignment? Answer: Yes, that's the risk. If the stock is bouncing around a lot your options could get assigned.
Question: When does giving a gift "count" for tax year? Answer: Generally it goes by when they receive the check, not when they cash the check. Though if the check
Question: How high should I set my KickStarter funding goal in order to have $35,000 left over? Answer: I think you might be missing something important here. If you are
Question: What does a Dividend "will not be quoted ex" mean? Answer: One occastion where "will not be quoted ex" is used is when a corporate action is occurring such
Question: When paying estimated quarterly taxes, can I prorate the amount based on the irregular payment due dates? Answer: Varying the amount to reflect income during the quarter is entirely
Question: What happens to my stocks when broker goes bankrupt? Answer: +1 to YosefWeiner. Let me add: Legally, technically, or at least theoretically, when you buy stock through a broker,
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: I'd be curious to compare current rent with what your overhead would be with a house. Most single people would
Question: What should my finances look like at 18? Answer: Assume you will need to retire with a few million in the bank to maintain an average lifestyle. I had
Question: Variable Annuity inside a Roth IRA? What is this and how can I switch it to something else? Answer: This answer is provided mostly to answer your question "what
Question: When should I start an LLC for my side work? Answer: The major reason to start an LLC for side work is if you want the additional personal liability
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: Depending on who you have the loan through and how they figure the interest charges (whether daily, monthly, bi-monthly, etc. normally
Question: Received a late 1099 MISC for income I reported already, do I have to amend? Answer: Why would the IRS be coming after you if you reported the income?
Question: What is the maximum number of options I can buy if the price is $0.01? Answer: Options trading at $.01 have the same position limits as other options. Self
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: There are many reasons, some already covered by
Question: Online stock screener to find stocks that are negatively correlated to another stock/index? Answer: There are lists with Top 1,000 Most and Less correlated stocks for different markets, I
Question: How does high frequency trading work if money isn't available for 2-3 days after selling? Answer: Purchases and sales from the same trade date will both settle on the
Question: Choose online stock trading companies Answer: Every brokerage is different, on all of their websites they have an actual list of fees. There are tons of different charges you
Question: Using stable short-term, tax-free municipal bond funds to beat the bank? Answer: If your main goal is to avoid taxes, municipal bonds are a good strategy, it's not the
Question: Open Interest vs Volume for Stock Options Answer: What if there is only one trading day and the volume is smaller than the open interest on that one trading
Question: Buy tires and keep car for 12-36 months, or replace car now? Answer: It depends how detailed you want to get in your calculation, but fundamentally, 1K < 25K.
Question: Do large market players using HFT make it unsafe for individual investors to be in the stock market? Answer: There's a lot of hype about HFT. It involves computers
Question: What's a reliable way for a non-permanent resident alien in the USA to get an auto loan? Answer: I took @littleadv 's recommendation that online apps only ask for
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: A 'Call' gives you the right, but not the obligation, to buy a stock at a
Question: What does quantitative easing 2 mean for my bank account? Answer: QE2 will mean that there are about $500 billion dollars in existence which weren't there before. These dollars
Question: Can I lose more on Forex than I deposit? Answer: FX is often purchased with leverage by both retail and wholesale speculators on the assumption daily movements are typically
Question: Why would a company with a bad balance sheet be paying dividends? Answer: Ford paid off a tremendous amount of debt prior to reinstating the dividend. While they still
Question: How can a freelancer get a credit card? (India) Answer: The OP might have obtained his credit card by now but I'm answering now as there is one more
Question: Can someone explain the Option Chain of AMD for me? Answer: The buyer pays $1.99/share for the option of selling a share of AMD to the seller for $10
Question: If I short-sell a dividend-paying stock, do I have to pay the dividend? Answer: The answer provide by @mbhunter is correct, however there are contexts, shorting in spot market
Question: Investing in low cost index fund  does the timing matter? Answer: A much less verbose answer is. Don't worry about buying low. You have a whole lifetime to
Question: How can I compare the performance of a high dividend funds with other funds and or an index Answer: Vanguard (and probably other mutual fund brokers as well) offers
Question: Why don't forced buy-ins of short sold stock happen much more frequently? Answer: Nobody is going to short sell stocks through a lender that forces people to buy in
Question: How are the $1 salaries that CEOs sometimes take considered legal? Answer: Taxable fringe benefits are included in taxable wages for the purpose of FLSA. So when those executives
Question: Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market? Answer: Of course. "Best" is a subjective term. However relying on the resources of the larger
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: It very much depends on whether you want to drive around in an expensive car, or whether you want an expensive car
Question: What are my investment options in real estate? Answer: If you're looking for a well-rounded view into what it's like to actually own/manage real-estate investments, plus how you can
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Lots of good answers here about budgeting and other ideas. Here's a
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: Nobody outside of the credit scoring agencies know exactly what goes into the
Question: Do options always expire on third Friday of every month Answer: Prior to 2005, the only SPY options that existed were the monthly ones that expire on the third
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: Funds - especially index funds - are a safe way for
Question: When do I pay taxes if I'm self employed? Answer: I strongly recommend that you talk to an accountant right away because you could save some money by making
Question: How does a high share price benefit a company when it is raising funds? Answer: Well, if one share cost $100 and the company needs to raise $10000, then
Question: Can someone help me understand my student loans? Answer: First to actually answer the question "how long at these rates/payments?"- These is nothing magic or nefarious about what the
Question: Home owners association for houses, pro/cons Answer: At its best, a HOA provides the same benefits as a condo association -- shared investment in the shared neighborhood resources/environment. At
Question: Is a "total stock market" index fund diverse enough alone? Answer: You're missing the concept of systemic risk, which is the risk of the entire market or an entire
Question: Why do credit card transactions take up to 3 days to appear, yet debit transactions are instant? Answer: When you swipe your credit card, the terminal at the store
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: I like using Mint.com to track my expenses. It makes it very easy to watch my budget and monitor my spending.
Question: I am turning 18 and I am a Student, I need strategies on building great credit soon. Where should I start? Answer: Based on the formula used by FICO
Question: What is the difference between a stock and a bond? Answer: A stock is an ownership interest in a company. There can be multiple classes of shares, but to
Question: How to shop for mortgage rates ? Answer: You can shop for a mortgage rate without actually submitting a mortgage application. Unfortunately, the U.S. Government has made it illegal
Question: What are the advantages of doing accounting on your personal finances? Answer: I recently made the switch to keeping track of my finance (Because I found an app that
Question: What is the difference between trading and non-trading stock? Answer: Every company has Stocks. For the stocks to be traded via some stock exchange, the companies must follow the
Question: How does Vanguard determine the optimal asset allocation for their Target Retirement Funds? Answer: Googling vanguard target asset allocation led me to this page on the Bogleheads wiki which
Question: How to estimate a reasonable amount for a signing bonus? Answer: So you've already considered relocation. Here are a few additional things to consider with respect to negotiating a
Question: Are Chase credit cards commonly accepted for purchases? Answer: If you read the fine print in the Pricing & Terms section of that card, you'll see: By becoming a
Question: Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it? Answer: Daniel, first of all, I'm jealous of your predicament. That said, I think you've gotten some good advice already,
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: There are API libraries available to various banks in various programming languages. For example, in Perl there are
Question: How are startup shares worth more than the total investment funding? Answer: He is worth $17.5 billion today Note that he is worth that dollar figure, but he doesn't
Question: If gold's price implodes then what goes up? Answer: It seems that you're interested in an asset which you can hold that would go up when the gold price
Question: Does high frequency trading (HFT) punish long-term investment? Answer: I disagree strongly with the other two answers posted thus far. HFT are not just liquidity providers (in fact that
Question: How can one relatively easily show that low expense ratio funds outperform high expense ratio funds? Answer: I hope a wall of text with citations qualifies as "relatively easy."
Question: High Leverage Inflation Hedges for Personal Investors Answer: I assume you're looking for advice, not an actual guaranteed-to-appreciate answer, yes? If you believe Treasury bonds will increase as fast
Question: On what time scales are stock support and resistance levels meaningful? Answer: Stock support and resistance levels mean that historically, there was "heavy" buying/selling at those levels. This suggests,
Question: financial institution wants share member break down for single member LLC Answer: What exactly would the financial institution need to see to make them comfortable with these regulations The
Question: How did Bill Gates actually make his money? Answer: Bill was the founder of Microsoft, so he did indeed have a large number of shares as the company was
Question: How secure is my 403(b)? Can its assets be "raided"? Answer: The simple answer is that with the defined contribution plan: 401k, 403b, 457 and the US government TSP;
Question: Why are credit cards preferred in the US? Answer: Credit card fraud protection (by law), credit card cash back programs (provided by most CC issuers), and debit card fees
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: This would never apply for tax "brackets". It's not as though making an extra dollar will put you
Question: Are there alternatives to double currency account to manage payments in different currencies? Answer: Banks in certain countries are offering such facility. However I am not aware of any
Question: If I have 10,000 stocks to sell with 23 B market cap Answer: You will almost certainly be able to sell 10,000 shares at once. The question is a
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Former financial analyst here, happy to help you. First off, you are right to not
Question: What are the pitfalls of loaning money to friends or family? Is there a right way to do it? Answer: I recently lent some money to my sister. While
Question: Mortgage or not? Answer: I often say "don't let the tax tail wag the investing dog." I need to change that phrase a bit to "don't let the tax
Question: How does one determine the width of a candlestick bar? Answer: Very common question. There is no any rule of thumb. This solely depends on your trading strategy. I
Question: Compute average price even if I do not have the prices before Answer: What I do have is this (sample only): Stock X: Average Price of all I purchased
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: For Mac it's definitely iFinance.
Question: Why ever use a market order? Answer: I don't think you're missing anything. Many modern trading systems actually warn you when trying to enter a market order, asking if
Question: Should I lease, buy new, or buy used? Answer: I think you're dancing with the line here, this question is hard to back up without opinions and could really
Question: Is it common in the US not to pay medical bills? Answer: What you have here is an interesting argument. Right now, this is totally complicated by the state
Question: What strike to choose if I want to sell weekly calls against a long LEAP put Answer: So this is only a useful strategy if you already own the
Question: How do I find quality Wind power / renewable energy mutual funds? Answer: Usually it makes sense to invest in individual companies when you're investing in a "hot" sector.
Question: Why is the fractional-reserve banking not a Ponzi scheme? Answer: No, fractional reserve banking isn't a scam. A simple exercise: replace dollars with time. You're trading some time now
Question: How an ETF pays dividend to shareholders if a holding company issues dividend Answer: The amount, reliability and frequency of dividends paid by an ETF other than a stock,
Question: Can I participate in trading Facebook shares on their IPO day from any brokerage? Answer: Any retail equity brokerage will give you access to the NYSE, and thus Facebook
Question: Employer skipped payments, should I allow them to defer payment until Jan 2017? Answer: First, let's look at the tax brackets for single taxpayers in 2016: The cutoff between
Question: My Co-Signer is the Primary Account Holder for my Car Loan - Does this affect my credit? Answer: It sounds like your father got a loan and you are
Question: Making your first million is easy! (??) Answer: Easy. Start with 2 millions and lose only one. Jokes aside, if you want a million USD, you should be asking
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: You can't get much better advice for a young investor than from Warren Buffet. And his advice for
Question: How to calculate tax amounts withheld on mixed pre-tax and Roth 401(k) contributions, and match? Answer: When you adjust your investments the following will happen: Initial condition: Modified condition:
Question: Advantage of Financial Times vs. free news sources for improving own knowledge of finance? Answer: If you are interested in a career in algorithmic trading, I strongly encourage you
Question: Advice on strategy for when to sell Answer: I bought 1000 shares of a $10 stock. When it doubled, I sold half, no need to be greedy. I watched
Question: Should I Use an Investment Professional? Answer: I am sure there would be many views on the above topic, my take is that DIY takes the following: Now, for
Question: Where can I find open source portfolio management software? Answer: Have you looked into GnuCash? It lets you track your stock purchases, and grabs price updates. It's designed for
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: Strictly by the numbers, putting more than 20% down is a losing proposition. With interest rates still near all time lows, you're likely able
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: 1- To max out rewards. I have 5 different credit cards, one gives me 5% back on
Question: IS it the wrong time to get into the equity market immediately after large gains? Answer: Past results are not a predictor of future results. There is no explicit
Question: How do dividends of the underlying security in a security futures contract affect the security futures price? Answer: The owner of a long futures contract does not receive dividends,
Question: Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate? Answer: In addition to the other answers, also consider this: Federal bond interest rates are
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: On Black Friday, 1929,the market fell from over 350 to just above 200. If
Question: How to respond to a customer's demand for payment extension? Answer: In the event that payment is not made by the due date on the invoice then the transaction
Question: Ongoing Automatic Investment Fee Answer: Reading the plan documentation, yes, that is what it means. Each purchase by bank debit, whether one-time or automatic, costs $2 plus $0.06 per
Question: Best return on investment for new home purchase Answer: Trying to determine what the best investment option is when buying a home is like predicting the stock market. Not
Question: Website for managing personal cash inflow and outflow, applicable to India? Answer: Use buxfer.com. It's available in India and most of the features are free.
Question: What is the preferred way to set up personal finances? Answer: simplicity and roi are often at odds. the simplest plan that also supports a reasonable investment return would
Question: How much do large sell orders affect stock price? Answer: Most of the investors who have large holdings in a particular stock have pretty good exit strategies for those
Question: Bonds vs equities: crash theory Answer: Cash would be the better alternative assuming both stocks take a major hit in ALL categories AND the Fed raise rates at the
Question: Rental Properties: Is it good or bad that I can't find rental listings on that street? Answer: Finding Zero is the expected result of your Craigslist check. You will
Question: I am a contractor with revenue below UK's VAT threshold. Should I register for VAT? Answer: If I remember correctly, once you're about to exceed the threshold you really
Question: Formula to determine readiness to retire based on age, networth and annual expense Answer: The standard interpretation of "can I afford to retire" is "can I live on just
Question: Hearing much about Dave Ramsey. Which of his works is best in describing his "philosophy" about money? Answer: If I had to start with one thing about Dave's Philosophy
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: I'm sorry you are going through this, but what you are dealing with is exactly is how
Question: Superannuation: When low risk options have higher return, what to do? Answer: The long term view you are referring to would be over 30 to 40 years (i.e. your
Question: Setting up auto-pay. Should I use my bank that holds mortage or my personal bank? Answer: One factor to consider is timing. If you set up the automatic payments
Question: Tax implications of corporate housing Answer: If the employer provides housing to the employee, the employer has to identify whether it is taxable or not. If it is -
Question: On what dates do the U.S. and Canada release their respective federal budgets? Answer: In the US there is no set date. If all goes well there are multiple
Question: Growth of unrealized gains in tax-managed index funds Answer: I don't know that I can answer the question fully, but 2 points. The percent that represent capital gains certainly
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: Why is nobody providing a service that is basically: Give me
Question: Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit? Answer: People treat an emergency fund as some kind of
Question: How do 401k handle rate of return Answer: Your employer sends the money that you choose to contribute, plus employer match if any, to the administrator of the 401k
Question: Is it wise to invest small amounts of money short-term? Answer: I would agree with the other answers about it being a bad idea to invest in stocks in
Question: Does it make sense to trade my GOOGL shares for GOOG and pocket the difference? Answer: To keep it simple, let's say that A shares trade at 500 on
Question: To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month? Answer: As someone in the very same position as
Question: How to read a mutual fund spec sheet? Answer: It says expense ratio of 0.14%. What does it mean? Essentially it means that they will take 0.14% of your
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: Everyone else seems to have focused (rightly so) on the negatives of credit cards (high interest rates) and why it is
Question: What is the opposite of a hedge? Answer: There is no opposite of a hedge, except not having a hedge at all. A "hedge" isn't directional. If you are
Question: When should I open a "Line of credit" at my bank? Answer: A line of credit is a poor substitute for an emergency fund. Banks typically have a clause
Question: What should I do with my paper financial documents? Answer: Here's my approach: As for Google Docs, I think that its safe enough for most people. If you in
Question: Why do new car loans, used car loans, and refinanced loans have different rates and terms? Answer: There are normally three key factors that define different kinds of loans,
Question: If banks offer a fixed rate lower than the variable rate, is that an indication interest rates may head down? Answer: Usually that is the case that when fixed
Question: IRR vs. Interest Rates Answer: IRR is subjective, if you could provide another metric instead of the IRR; then this would make sense. You can't spend IRR. For example,
Question: If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans? Answer: Put in the maximum you can into the 401(k), the limit should be $16,500
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: I believe one of the main reasons cars -- luxury or otherwise -- depreciate so quickly is that
Question: Saving tax for long term stock investment capital gain by quiting my current job? Answer: Reducing your income by 20k is guaranteed to lower your tax bill by less
Question: How can a person with really bad credit history rent decent housing? Answer: Having been recently evicted she is unlikely to find any one willing to rent to her
Question: Deduct Health Care Premiums for Family When Employer Only Pays for Me Answer: You can deduct what you pay for your own and your family's health insurance regardless of
Question: Details on opening a small corporation in ontario Answer: The Canada Revenue Agency does indeed put out just the guide you want. It's at http://www.cra-arc.gc.ca/E/pub/tg/rc4070/rc4070-e.html - you should always
Question: found a 1994 uncashed profit sharing retirement plan check Answer: Checks (in the US, anyway) are only good for six months after they have been written. After that. under
Question: Can I buy put options on an ADR? Answer: Some ADRs have standardized options that trade on US exchanges. If your stock/ADR is one of those, then you find
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: My father imparted this advice to me when I was a teenager,
Question: Multiple mortgage pre-approvals and effects on credit score Answer: Johnny. I recently bought my first home as well, and I have worked in the credit business (not mortgage), so
Question: Are underlying assets supposed to be sold/bought immediately after being bought/sold in call/put option? Answer: In the first case, if you wish to own the stock, you just exercise
Question: How is initial stock price (IPO) of a stock determined Answer: Who determines company value at IPO? The Owners based on the advice from Lead Bankers and other Independent
Question: Helping girlfriend accelerate credit score improvement Answer: In the short term what does it matter if she has poor credit? Just let it ride and focus on the important
Question: How are the best way to make and save money at 22 years old Answer: Get an education. A bachelor's degree preferably, but AA or even a certificate are
Question: Can I use balance transfer to buy car? Answer: It really depends on the exact wording of that zero rate offer. Some specifically state they are to be used
Question: Recommendation for learning fundamental analysis? Answer: Below is just a little information on this topic from my small unique book "The small stock trader": The most significant non-company-specific factor
Question: Dividend yield for multiple years? Answer: Dividend yield is a tough thing to track because it's a moving target. Dividends are paid periodically the yield is calculated based on
Question: What is high trading volume in a stock indicative of? Is high liquidity a good thing or a bad thing? Answer: Stocks with a low average daily trading volume
Question: If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them? Answer: Yes you should worry and take care not to violate the law or provide
Question: Can anybody explain the terms "levered beta riders", "equity long-short" and "the quant process driven discipline" for me, please? Answer: Leverage here is referring to "financial leverage". This is
Question: Best way to invest money as a 22 year old? Answer: What is the goal of the money? If it is to use in the short term, like savings
Question: Is there any way to pay online in a country with no international banking system Answer: paypal says it works with CBE but can't seem to link my account
Question: Making your first million is easy! (??) Answer: I realize that "a million dollars" is a completely arbitrary figure, but it's one people fixate on. Perhaps folks just meant
Question: Adjusting a value for inflation each month using rolling 12-monthly inflation figures Answer: In the style of the Bank of England's Inflation Calculator, you can do the calculation like
Question: Equity or alternative compensation in an LLC? Answer: I'm not sure 1099-MISC is what you should expect. Equity means ownership, and in LLC context it means membership. As an
Question: Non-qualified Savings Plan vs. 401(k) for Highly Compensated Employee Answer: Also, in (5), is it considered unpaid wages? Because that's pretty high on the bankruptcy hierarchy. No. It is
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: I am no expert by any means in divorce situations, but it seems like you probably have more than enough
Question: Zero volatility stocks in intraday trading in India Answer: you need to use easy programming language to imply onto a scan where you enter Scan all stocks display if
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: Personally, I started renting out because I couldn't afford to buy a place but now I'm
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: To expand on what @fishinear and some others
Question: What is a bond fund? Answer: I used the term "bond fund" to mean a mutual fund which invests in bonds. Vanguard has a list. If you live in
Question: Why can't I short a stock that sells for less than $5? Is there another way to "go short" on them? Answer: Timothy Sykes specializes in this type of
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: While a lot of the answers focus on cost to replace and how much money
Question: What will be the long term impact of the newly defined minimum exchange rate target from francs to euro? Answer: The total size of the eurozone economy is $13
Question: Are Forex traders forced to use leverage? Answer: No one is FORCED to use leverage. But most people do. Trading companies like it because, the more leverage, the more
Question: Does a larger down payment make an offer stronger? Answer: There is considerable truth to what your realtor said about the Jersey City NJ housing market these days. It
Question: What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into "emergencies" but are not covered by an Emergency Fund? Answer: insurance premiums My annual car premium always caught
Question: Why should a company go public? Answer: The purpose is to go public but also to generate more wealth. The real money comes when market values you at a
Question: Is there difference in risk between physical or synthetic replication of an index by an ETF? Answer: First, make sure you understand the objective of an ETF. In some
Question: Calculate a weekly payment on a loan when payment is a month away Answer: You'd have to look at the terms of the loan to be sure, but if
Question: Is it possible to physically own a share certificate in a company? Answer: There is a company that will sell you single paper shares of stock for many companies
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: Cost. If an investor wanted to diversify his portfolio by investing
Question: Should withheld income tax be included as income? Answer: Does it make sense to report withheld tax income as an additional income? Is it required by the IRS? Is
Question: How to keep control of shared expenses inside marriage? Answer: I'd say its time to merge finances!
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: I cannot answer the original question, but since there is a good deal of
Question: What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old? Answer: I recommend a Roth IRA. At your age you could turn 25K into a
Question: Home Valuation in a Dodgy neighborhood Answer: Bad areas are tough to value as a owner-occupied property, because the business model for being a slumlord is to rent apartments
Question: Should I finance a car to build credit for a mortgage next year? Answer: The fluctuation of interest rates during the next year could easily dwarf the savings this
Question: Why would I want a diversified portfolio, versus throwing my investments into an index fund? Answer: Index funds are well-known to give the best long-term investment. Are they? Maybe
Question: How to map stock ticker symbols to ISIN (International Securities Identification Number)? Answer: It is possible to make a REST API call providing the ISIN to get the ticker
Question: effect of bond issue on income statement Answer: No, it would not show up on the income statement as it isn't income. It would show up in the cash
Question: How do euro hedged index funds work? Answer: When you invest in an S&P500 index fund that is priced in USD, the only major risk you bear is the
Question: May I claim money earned but not received in 2012 Answer: If you didn't receive the money in 2012 or have constructive receipt you really can't claim the income.
Question: Why I can't view my debit card pre-authorized amounts? Answer: The hard hold is the bank holding your money for no reason but to make money of your. Like
Question: Company is late in paying my corporate credit card statement - will it hurt my credit? Answer: According to an article on Bankrate.com from 2011, yes, it can hurt
Question: Optimal number of credit cards for a given length of credit history Answer: I have found that between the Discover card and a Visa/Master Card a person has everything
Question: The Canadian dividend tax credit: Why is it that someone can earn a lot in dividends but pay no/little tax? Answer: Basically, yes. That doesn't mean that it's easy
Question: Should I buy a house because Mortgage rates are low Answer: The simple answer is that you are correct. You should not purchase a house until you are financially
Question: What is the purpose of the wash sale rule? Answer: 'Note that "to keep an investor from lowering their tax bill" is not an explanation'. Well, yes it is.
Question: What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history Answer: Capital One's normal master card is known to approve people with limited or bad credit history.
Question: What is the difference between a check and a paycheck? Answer: There is little difference. A paycheck is a type of check used to pay wages. These days many
Question: Forex vs day trading for beginner investor Answer: Are you in the US? Because if so, there are tax discrepancies. Gains from sale of stocks held for less than
Question: Cannot get a mortgage because I work through a recruiter Answer: Some options: See if the seller will sell to you on Contract. With a significant down payment the
Question: Can I place a stock limit order to buy above the current price? Can I place a stock limit order to sell below the current price? Answer: You can
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: Why does the value of gold go up when gold itself doesn't produce anything? Why do people invest in gold? Your perception, that
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: I should think the primary
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: Do you plan a monthly budget at the beginning of each month? This might seem counter-intuitive, but
Question: Online accounting with Stripe/PayPal transactions Answer: Crickets here, so I'll respond with what I ended up doing. At the end of each month, I download transaction data from each
Question: Options vs Stocks which is more profitable Answer: As already noted, options contain inherent leverage (a multiplier on the profit or loss). The amount of "leverage" is dictated primarily
Question: what is shareholders' Equity in balance sheets? Answer: Shareholder's Equity consists of two main things: The initial capitalization of the company (when the shares were first sold, plus extra
Question: What's the purpose of having separate checking and savings accounts? Answer: If your debit card/ATM card is stolen or lost, someone else might be able to withdraw money from
Question: Why don't brokerages charge commissions on forex trades? Answer: Investopedia has a section in their article about currency trading that states: The FX market does not have commissions. Unlike
Question: Is it possible to trade US stock from Europe ? Answer: Any large stockbroker will offer trading in US securities. As a foreign national you will be required to
Question: understand taxes when geting money from a project built long time ago plus my full time job Answer: You need to register as self-employed with HMRC (it is perfectly
Question: The best credit card for people who pay their balance off every month Answer: The answer for this question varies from person to person. However most cards give lousy
Question: How important is disability insurance, e.g. long-term, LTD? Employer offers none Answer: The reason to have disability insurance is to replace your income if you become disabled and are
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: How much is your time worth This has been useful for me, judging things based on how
Question: Are market orders safe? Answer: Market orders can be reasonably safe when dealing with stocks that are rather liquid and have quite low volatility. But it's important to note
Question: Should I fund a move by borrowing or selling other property assets? Answer: It depends what rate mortgage you can get for any extra loans... If you remortgage you
Question: Should I learn to do my own tax? Answer: I would advise against "pencil and paper" approach for the following reasons: You should e-file instead of paper filing. Although
Question: Why would you not want to rollover a previous employer's 401(k) when changing jobs? Answer: Another minor reason not to rollover would be to avoid the pro-rata taxes when
Question: How to dollar-cost-average with a large amount of money in a savings account? Answer: DCA is not 10%/day over 10 days. If I read the objective correctly, I'd suggest
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Inflation is an increase in the money supply. Increases in consumer prices follow from inflation.
Question: How do I refinance a car loan into someone else's name so it can be their car? Answer: Your first step is to talk to the current lender and
Question: Options strategy - When stocks go opposite of your purchase? Answer: If you buy a call, that's because you expect that the stock will go up. If it does
Question: Allocation between 401K/retirement accounts and taxable investments, as a young adult? Answer: I'm afraid you're mistaking 401k as an investment vehicle. It's not. It is a vehicle for retirement.
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: As others have said, doing a monthly budget is a great idea.
Question: What is a negotiable security and how are they related to derivatives? Answer: As Dheer pointed out, Wikipedia has a good definition of what a negotiable instrument is. A
Question: Td Ameritrade Roth IRA question Answer: Since you're 20-30 years out of retirement, you should be 90% to 100% in stocks, and in one or two broad stock market
Question: Best personal finance strategy to control my balance Answer: I started storing and summing all my receipts, bills, etc. It has the advantage of letting me separate expenses by
Question: Is it possible to trade CFD without leverage? Answer: If you don't need leverage, then it's a better idea to just buy the underlying sock itself. This will net
Question: Pros/cons for buying gold vs. saving money in an interest-based account? Answer: There's too much here for one question. So no answer can possibly be comprehensive. I think little
Question: Where can I find historical P/E ratios for companies? Answer: The mathematics site, WolframAlpha, provides such data. Here is a link to historic p/e data for Apple. You can
Question: Fund or ETF that simulates the investment goals of an options "straddle" strategy? Answer: Why bother with the ETF? Just trade the options -- at least you have the
Question: What industries soar when oil prices go up? Answer: Generally speaking, you want to find goods and services that are inelastic and also require oil as a cost. Oil
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: A lot of people probably don't agree with him, but Warren Buffett has some great quotes on why he doesn't invest in gold:
Question: Will the stock market continue to grow forever? Answer: Yes! Look at any graph or chart covering the last 100 years. The graph goes up. It will continue to
Question: Oh, hail. Totaled car, confused about buy-back options Answer: It seems like there are a few different things going on here because there are multiple parties involved with different
Question: Selling To Close Answer: Yes, if there is liquidity you can sell your option to someone else as a profit. This is what the majority of option trading volume
Question: When should I start an LLC for my side work? Answer: It really depends on the type of business you are running. If there is any chance of liability,
Question: Why do grocery stores in the U.S. offer cash back so eagerly? Answer: The cost to the store is small. They may have to pay a slightly greater fee
Question: How to check the paypal's current exchange rate? Answer: fx-rate.net offers a AUDUSD exchange rate comparison, which includes paypal: Currencyfair $1.14 Transferwise $ 2.29 Worldremit $ 3.50 Xendpay $
Question: Calculating savings from mortgage interest deduction vs. standard deduction? Answer: It's true that the standard deduction makes the numbers less impressive. I ran your scenario through my favorite, most
Question: W-8BEN? What's the tax from selling my software to a U.S. company, from abroad? Answer: You should not form a company in the U.S. simply to get the identification
Question: How can a person protect his savings against a country default? Answer: The default of the country will affect the country obligations and what's tied to it. If you
Question: Why does Charles Schwab have a Mandatory Settlement Period after selling stocks? Answer: quid's answer explains the settlement period well. However, it should be noted that you can avoid
Question: Can Warren Buffet's method be distilled into basic steps? Answer: Warren Buffet isn't using any special sauce. He looks for value and ignores hype, greed, and fear. He buys
Question: Assessing risk, and Identifying scams in Alternative Investments Answer: I have personally invested $5,000 in a YieldStreet offering (a loan being used by a company looking to expand a
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: First, the earnings are per year, not per quarter. Why would you
Question: Does dollar cost averaging really work? Answer: Dollar cost averaging works if the stuff you're buying goes up within your time horizon. It won't protect you from losing money
Question: How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading? Answer: In most countries there are specific guidelines on buy backs. It is never a case where by one fine morning
Question: Can you use external money to pay trading commissions in tax-free and tax-deferred accounts? Answer: According to Publication 590, broker's commissions for stock transactions within an IRA cannot be
Question: What is the cause of sudden price spikes in the FOREX market? Answer: If you do not understand the volatility of the fx market, you need to stop trading
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: It's called extracting consumer surplus. Basically I have a bunch of movie goers (who have paid a lot
Question: Why do employers require you to spread your 401(k) contributions throughout the year to get the maximum match? Answer: The only way to know the specific explanation in your
Question: Is there any circumstance in which it is necessary to mark extra payments on a loan as going to "principal and not interest"? Answer: It could be a couple
Question: Is it worth it to buy TurboTax Premier over Deluxe if I sold investments in a taxable account? Answer: I have used turbo tax for years. Apart from the
Question: Finding Debt/Equity Ratio with Market Value of Equity Answer: In order to calculate the ratio you are looking for, just divide total debt by the market capitalization of the
Question: Should I buy a house because Mortgage rates are low Answer: Reasons for no: In your first sentence you say something interesting: rates low - prices high. Actually those
Question: How to transform dividends into capital gains? Answer: Some investment trusts have "zero dividend preference shares" which deliver all their gains as capital gains rather than income, even if
Question: Is it necessary to pay tax if someone lends me money to put into my mortgage? Answer: I can't vouch for Australian law, but in the US there is
Question: What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage? Answer: To avoid risk from rising interest rates, get a fixed rate mortgage.
Question: What kinds of information do financial workers typically check on a daily basis? Answer: Google Finance and Yahoo! Finance would be a couple of sites you could use to
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: In my opinion, I would: If the income is from this year, you can tax shelter
Question: Should we prepay our private student loans, given our particular profile? Answer: You're doing great. I'd suggest trying get putting 5-10% towards your retirement and the balance to the
Question: Are stocks always able to be bought and sold at market price? Answer: There needs to be a buyer of the shares you are offering. There are a lot
Question: What are reasons a company would want to be listed on one exchange vs. another? Answer: Listing on NYSE has more associated overhead costs than listing on NASDAQ. In
Question: Borrow from 401k for down payment on rental property? Answer: Two simple possibilities:
Question: Can I do periodic rollovers from my low-perfoming 401k to an IRA? Answer: If the difference in performance is worth it, consider "borrowing" from your 401k to put into
Question: Can I claim a tax deduction for working from home as an employee? I work there 90% of the time Answer: Talk to a tax professional. The IRS really
Question: Is there a reliable way to find, if a stock or company is heading bankruptcy? Answer: Research the company. Obtain and read their current and past financial statements. Find
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: Not only should you do this, you should tell your friends to
Question: Calculate investment's interest rate to break-even insurance cost [duplicate] Answer: I believe the following formula provides a reasonable approximation. You need to fill in the following variables: The average
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: Yes, I agree with you. Saying that the value of the stock will grow as the company grows and acquires
Question: Why do people use mortgages, when they could just pay for the house in full? Answer: Besides all of the other answers, I will point out that many people
Question: Understanding taxes when buying goods at a store Answer: States have made sales tax more confusing by expanding some categories and shrinking or eliminating other categories. In days of
Question: What are some examples of unsecured loans Answer: Unsecured loan is any loan that you don't provide an asset as a collateral for. Auto loans are usually secured -
Question: What does "/" and "^" mean in ticker symbols? How to translate these symbols into yahoo? Answer: On NASDAQ the ^ is used to denote other securities and /
Question: Paying myself a dividend from ltd company Answer: Adding to webdevduck's answer: Before you calculate your profits, you can pay money tax-free into a pension fund for the company
Question: Why is early exercise generally not recommended for an in-the-money option? Answer: Investopedia states: While early exercise is generally not advisable, because the time value inherent in the option
Question: Income tax laibility in India for Stock traded in USA as a resident Indian Answer: my tax liabilities in India on my stock profit in US You would need
Question: Efficient markets hypothesis and performance of IPO shares after lock-up period Answer: There are rules that prevent two of the reactive measures you suggest from occurring. First, on the
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: Yes, this is a scam. Tell your dad not to pay any money. There will likely be a large deposit in his
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Assuming what is taking you over budget are not essential costs such
Question: why is the money withdrawn from traditional IRA taxed at the ordinary income tax rate? Answer: The simplest explanation is that a traditional IRA is a method of deferring
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: Time for a lawyer. Essentially, regardless of the situation "it's not right"
Question: What should one look for when opening a business bank account? Answer: From my experience, I opened a business account to handle my LLC which owns a rental property.
Question: Is this formula accurate for weighing the difference between an S-Corp and LLC? Answer: It might be best to step back and look at the core information first. You're
Question: Is there a government-mandated resource that lists the shareholders of a public company? Answer: No, there is no such list, as the other answers mention it is practically impossible
Question: Value of put if underlying stays below strike? Answer: The value at expiration does not depend on the price path for a plain vanilla European or American option. At
Question: 0% APR first 12 months on new credit card. Can I exceed that 30% rule of thumb and not hurt my credit score? Answer: I cannot stress this enough,
Question: Saving up for an expensive car Answer: If you can afford to put $1,333 towards saving for a new car each month, then there is nothing wrong with your
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: This all depends on your timeline and net worth. If you're short on time before
Question: Is short selling a good hedging strategy during overzealous market conditions? Answer: Below is just a little information on short selling from my small unique book "The small stock
Question: What ETF best tracks the price of gasoline, or else crude oil? Answer: There is no ETF that closely tracks oil or gasoline. This is because all existing oil
Question: How can a Canadian establish US credit score Answer: 1) The easy way is to find a job and they will assign you an SSN. 2) Here's the hard
Question: Mortgage refinancing Answer: If you selected a mortgage that allows additional payments to be credited against the principal rather than as early payment of normal installments, them yes, doing
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: Nobody has mentioned the futures market yet. Although the stock market
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: Is there not some central service that tracks current currency rates that banks can use to get currency
Question: Can I move my 401k to another country without paying tax penalty? Answer: I doubt that there is an arrangement with any country that would allow you to transfer
Question: How to convince someone they're too risk averse or conservative with investments? Answer: (Leaving aside the question of why should you try and convince him...) I don't know about
Question: Tax on insurance payment due to car deemed as total loss? Answer: Generally you do not pay taxes on insurance payouts that occur because of some kind of loss,
Question: Is it accurate to say that if I was to trade something, my probability of success can't be worse than random? Answer: In theory, in a perfect world, what
Question: What does Chapter 11 Bankruptcy mean to an investor holding shares of a Chapter 11 Company? Answer: If you've got shares in a company that's filed for U.S. Chapter
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: I'm not sure it is the best idea, but you can buy only 4 stocks generally. As you alluded
Question: Buying a home with down payment from family as a "loan" Answer: I would recommend against loans from family members. But if you decide to go down that path
Question: Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card? Answer: @Jeremy Using CVV doesn't decrease the transaction cost. I know
Question: Are there any rules against penalizing consumers for requesting accurate credit reporting? Answer: I think you're off base here. The bureaus only remove information if the creditor cannot verify
Question: Easiest way to diversify savings Answer: Are there banks where you can open a bank account without being a citizen of that country without having to visit the bank
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: I believe the only thing you haven't mentioned to him is the possibility that his activity is
Question: Is diversification better Answer: There are probably 3-4 questions here. Diversification - A good index, a low cost S&P fund or ETF can serve you very well. If you
Question: What is the valuation of a company based on? Answer: There is no such thing as a correct value. There are different ways to calculate (read: guess) an anticipated
Question: Effect of Job Change on In-Progress Mortgage Application Answer: I recommend you ask this question to a qualified mortgage broker. We just closed on our first house. My wife
Question: How can I get free or discounted checks for my bank account? Answer: There is no reason you must buy the bank's printed check. There are many places both
Question: Why do only a handful of Canadian companies have options trading on their stocks? Answer: Corporations are removed from the options markets. They can neither permit nor forbid others
Question: Is it normal for brokers to ask whether I am a beginner? Answer: Brokers need to assess your level of competency to ensure that they don't allow you to
Question: I have $100,000 in play money what to do? Answer: For any sort of investment you need to understand your risks first. If you're going to put money into
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: This is the kind of scenario addressed by Reddit's /r/personalfinance Prime Directive, or "I have $X, what
Question: Iraqi Dinars. Bad Investment, or Worst Investment? Answer: Once a currency loses value, it never regains it. Period. Granted there have been short term periods of deflation, as well
Question: What are the contents of fixed annuities? Answer: For a variable annuity, you need to know the underlying investments and how your returns are credited to your account. For
Question: Can I deduct personal loans or use them as tax "write offs?" Answer: You will have to write it off as an offset of capital gains or as bad
Question: Taking out a loan to pay down a mortgage Answer: You're not crazy, but the banks are. Here's the problem: You're taking 100% LTV on property A - you
Question: Why do credit cards require a minimum annual household income? Answer: Here's one reason that's being overlooked in answers so far. (@ChrisInEdmonton, this is for your comment on @Chad's
Question: Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit? Answer: Most business credit cards do not report to the personal credit report unless the person pays the
Question: Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss? Answer: In addition to stoj's two good points I'll add a couple more reasons:
Question: Can after-hours trading affect options pricing? Answer: There is a white paper on "The weekend effect of equity options" it is a good paper and shows that (for the
Question: How to calculate my estimated taxes. 1099 MISC + Self Employment Answer: One way to do these sorts of calculations is to use the spreadsheet version of IRS form
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: Bonds by themselves aren't recession proof. No investment is, and when a major crash (c.f. 2008) occurs, all investments will be
Question: What's a reliable way for a non-permanent resident alien in the USA to get an auto loan? Answer: You have figured out most of the answers for yourself and
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: Yes, it is a very good idea to start your credit history
Question: Capital gains tax when I sell my home if I use a portion of it for an AirBnB Answer: Getting the first year right for any rental property is
Question: Is there any reason to choose my bank's index fund over Vanguard? Answer: Extortionate expense ratio aside, comparing the fund to the vanguard balanced fund (with an expense ratio
Question: What percent of my salary should I save? Answer: I disagree with the selected answer. There's no one rule of thumb and certainly not simple ones like "20 cents
Question: Why does the calculation for percentage profit vary based on whether a position is short vs. long? Answer: There are different perspectives from which to calculate the gain, but
Question: How do I invest and buy/sell stocks? What does "use a broker" mean? Answer: I'm posting this because I think I can do a better job of explaining and
Question: Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro "Social Trading Network" using a "CFD"? Answer: There are some useful answers here, but I don't think any of
Question: How to save money on currency conversion Answer: If you want to convert more than a few thousand dollars, one somewhat complex method is to have two investment accounts
Question: What Happens to Bank Stocks If Country Defaults Answer: The prices seem very low even considering the risk? The prices are low because of the risk. Nothing happens to
Question: Canceling credit cards - insurance rate increase? Answer: You can't ask insurers to use a particular score -- they have a state-approved underwriting model that they must follow consistently.
Question: Rollover 401k into Roth IRA? Answer: There is some advantage to putting your house downpayment in the Roth to get tax-free growth. However this advantage is offset by the
Question: Why are there hidden bids and offers in the US stock market for the more illiquid stocks? Answer: Certain brokers allow for hidden orders to be placed in the
Question: Right account for local purchases, loan EMI, and investments Answer: What is the best and most economical way for me to pay the loan EMIs directly? (whether from a
Question: Need help with the psychology of investing: past failures and future fears Answer: As an investor you must remember to forgive yourself. However, you must not only forgive but
Question: Incorporating real-world parameters into simulated(paper) trading Answer: You said the decision will be made by EOD. If you've made the decision prior to the market close, I'd execute on
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: As others have said, if you don't have dependents, there's little
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: It looks to me like this is a
Question: Does high inflation help or hurt companies with huge cash reserves? Answer: Inflation is bad for people with lots of cash assets. It's good for debtors, particularly debtors with
Question: Do I only have to pay income tax on capital gains? Answer: On the revenue only. This amount of 10$ will be considered as interest and fully taxable. It
Question: Capital losses on early-purchased stock? Answer: Yes When exercising a stock option you will be buying the stock at the strike price so you will be putting up your
Question: How can I determine if leaving a lower paying, tax advantaged, job for a higher paying one makes sense financially? Answer: You'd be moving from 33.5K of taxable income
Question: ETF S&P 500 with Reinvested Dividend Answer: What you seem to want is a dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP). That's typically offered by the broker, not by the ETF itself.
Question: What type of low-cost stock index exchange-traded fund (ETF) would give the best long-term total return? Answer: Small cap and mid cap shares tend to outperform large cap shares
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: It possibly could have made sense historically when interest rates were higher. In the UK,
Question: How do auto-loan payments factor into taxes for cars that are solely used by dependent(s)? Answer: I don't see how allowing usage of your vehicle is less support than
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: Pay it off....I've only ever paid interest on mortgages to buy the houses I've lived in (I paid
Question: Money market account for emergency savings Answer: Depends on how urgent your need for the emergency savings might be. If the money market account allows you to get your
Question: ETFs are a type of mutual fund, correct? Answer: Your question is one of semantics. ETFs and mutual funds have many things in common and provide essentially the same
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: It all has to do with risk and reward. The risk is that interest rates will rise. To entice you
Question: Beginning investment Answer: I am a huge fan of jim Cramer and while you may not get CNBC in Australia you can prolly catch jim cramers podcasts If you
Question: As a small business owner, should I pay my taxes from my personal or business checking account? Answer: Payment of taxes for your personal return filed with the IRS
Question: Online Foreign Exchange Brokerages: Which ones are good & reputable for smaller trades? Answer: Like Ganesh, I've used XE Trade - however I still do, fairly often. I have
Question: How do stocks like INL (traded in Frankfurt) work? Answer: They don't have to track each other, it could just be listed on more than one exchange. The price
Question: Does a bond etf drop by the amount of the dividend just like an equity etf Answer: Most bond ETFs have switched to monthly dividends paid on the first
Question: Do corporate stock splits negate share repurchase programs? Answer: Companies do both quite often. They have opposite effects on the share price, but not on the total value to
Question: What is a rule of thumb for accruing debt on a rental property? Answer: To start, I hope you are aware that the properties' basis gets stepped up to
Question: As an employer, how do I start a 401k or traditional IRA plan? Answer: If you are the sole owner (or just you and your spouse) and expect to
Question: When investing, is the risk/reward tradeoff linear? Answer: The risk-reward relation depends on what you are changing. In the most cases people ask about, it is not linear but
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: You can get an investment manager through firms like Fidelity or E*Trade to manage your account. It won't be someone dedicated
Question: How to find out the amount of preferred stock of Coca Cola Company? Answer: You can find this in the annual report. Preferred value is not the same as
Question: How does it work when the same ETF is listed on several stock exchanges? Answer: If I buy VUSA from one exchange, can I sell it in a different
Question: Taxable income on full-time job + business earnings Answer: I'm not sure I am fully understanding the nuance of your question, but based on your answer in the comments
Question: What are the advantages of doing accounting on your personal finances? Answer: In my opinion, every person, regardless of his or her situation, should be keeping track of their
Question: Understanding about Williams' Alligator Indicator? Answer: Is that indicator can only be used for short-term trade? First of all, indicator works perfect during trends and oscillator works perfectly in
Question: Could someone place an independent film on the stock market? Answer: Stock is a part ownership of a business. First there has to be a business that people want
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: In a very similar situation as yours, I bought a used motorcycle for $3000. It
Question: How do I invest and buy/sell stocks? What does "use a broker" mean? Answer: There are 2 main types of brokers, full service and online (or discount). Basically the
Question: Tax on Stocks or ETF's Answer: I think the answer you are looking for is: You are not taxed on the original basis (purchase cost) of your investment. If
Question: What evidence is there that rising interest rates causes Canadian condo prices to go down? Answer: If money is more expensive (costs more to borrow) then fewer people will
Question: Offshore bank account with online International wire-transfer facility for Indians Answer: Well first off, I would advice you to do this research yourself. You should not base your selection
Question: How to read bond yield quotes? What do the time, coupon, price, yield, and time mean? Answer: The 1 month and 1 year columns show the percentage change over
Question: Got charged ridiculous amount for doctor's walk in visit. What are my options? Answer: You will often receive a lower bill if you simply wait for a second or
Question: Why charge gross receipts taxes to the customer? Answer: It sounds like "gross receipt tax" is essentially the same thing most states call "sales tax", which is always handled
Question: Clear example of credit card balance 55 days interest-free "trick"? Answer: I think this stuff was more valid when grace periods were longer. For example, back in the 90's,
Question: Consolidating company pensions Answer: I've been down the consolidation route too (of a handful of DC pensions; the DB ones I've not touched, and you would indeed need advice
Question: Should you co-sign a personal loan for a friend/family member? Why/why not? Answer: I know this question has a lot of answers already, but I feel the answers are
Question: As an investor what are side effects of Quantitative Easing in US and in EU? Answer: Quantitative Easing Explained: http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/2010/10/07/130408926/quantitative-easing-explained The short of it is that you're right; the
Question: APR for a Loan Paid Off Monthly Answer: The periodic rate (here, the interest charged per month), as you would enter into a finance calculator is 9.05%. Multiply by
Question: What cost basis do I report on the 1099? Answer: You wouldn't fill out a 1099, your employer would or possibly whoever manages the stock account. The 1099-B imported
Question: Does an employee have the right to pay the federal and state taxes themselves instead of having employer doing it? Answer: You can file a revised W-4 with your
Question: Want to buy a car but have not enough money Answer: When your dream car is not just 200 times your disposable income but in fact 200 times your
Question: I have savings and excess income. Is it time for me to find a financial advisor? Answer: I think you might be asking the wrong question. You have plenty
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: Insofar as a 52 week high indicates a peak,
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: 4000 miles a year is not a few! European average is about 9000... But nevertheless... But
Question: Co-signer deceased Answer: Co-signing is not the same as owning. If your elderly lady didn't make any payments on the loan, and isn't on the ownership of the car,
Question: Sale of jointly owned stock Answer: The question seems to be from the point of view actual sales and not its impact on one's taxation. In case you just
Question: Would open source credit score formulas be feasible? Answer: Has this already occurred, if not: why? What are the road blocks? I think it's just that the barriers to
Question: Is Real Estate ever a BAD investment? If so, when? Answer: I'm surprised to even hear this question with the current state of devaluation of real estate. One thing
Question: Stock Exchange in US Answer: The easiest route for you to go down will be to consult wikipedia, which will provide a comprehensive list of all US stock exchanges
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: I'd suggest buying a used car for cash, car loans are a bad idea. I bought my last
Question: What happens if my order exceeds the bid or ask sizes? Answer: Sure. Depending on how you configure your order, it will either be fulfilled partially or wait until
Question: What is the best way to make a bet that a certain stock will go up in the medium term? Answer: You could try to refine your options strategy:
Question: Why does my bank suddenly need to know where my money comes from? Answer: Most likely this is connected with new banking regulations related to the Patriot Act, which
Question: The best credit card for people who pay their balance off every month Answer: The answer today is the Fidelity Rewards Amex. This card pays the highest cash back
Question: Efficient markets hypothesis and performance of IPO shares after lock-up period Answer: That's the way the markets work in THEORY. In actual fact, markets are subject to "real world"
Question: How can I find ISIN numbers for stock options? Answer: Because an equity option can be constructed at essentially any price by two willing counterparties on an exchange, there
Question: Can I open a Demat account in India from abroad? Answer: Yes NRIs are allowed to open a DEMAT account in India from abroad. Investments can be made under
Question: What exactly is the interest rate that the Fed is going to adjust? Answer: Federal Funds Rate The interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds maintained at
Question: What's my risk of buying a house for a friend and sell back to him? Answer: Also you would need to consider any taxation issues. As he will be
Question: If I have all this stock just sitting there, how can I lend it out to people for short selling? Answer: You just disclosed that you are new investor
Question: Why is it possible to just take out a ton of credit cards, max them out and default in 7 years? Answer: Well, primarily because that's fraud and fraud
Question: What accounted for DXJR's huge drop in stock price? Answer: For all stocks, expected Dividends are a part of the price it is traded for - consider that originally,
Question: Is there a way to buy raw oil today and sell it in 1 year time? Answer: You can buy the exchange traded fund ETFS WTI Crude Oil (CRUD),
Question: Buying shares in employer's company during IPO Answer: I think of these things in terms of risk. Investing in individual stocks is risky, and investing in brand new individual
Question: Degiro Stocks & Shares Account for Minor Answer: Get answers from your equivalent of the IRS, or a local lawyer or accountant who specializes in taxes. Any other answer
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: The standard answer on any long term stock is hold on during the rough times. You
Question: The Intelligent Investor: Northern Pacific Railway example Answer: Without reading the source, from your description it seems that the author believes that this particular company was undervalued in the
Question: What is the meaning of realization in finance? Answer: Realization is when you actually have something in hand, it isn't just theoretical anymore. For instance, you may win the
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: Please stay away from snakes. Don't use a credit card to buy your food. Those credit companies will
Question: What's an Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF)? Answer: ETFs offer the flexibility of stocks while retaining many of the benefits of mutual funds. Since an ETF is an actual fund, it
Question: collateralized mortgage obligations Answer: Actually, you're missing the key feature of CDOs. Most CDOs use (much to our economic misery, ultimately) a system call tranching. To simplify this idea,
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: I recently moved out from my parents place, after having built up sufficient
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: With your windfall, you've been given a second chance. You've become debt free again, and get to start over. Here is
Question: Is there anything I can do to prepare myself for the tax consequences of selling investments to buy a house? Answer: If you need less than $125k for the
Question: Why would people sell a stock below the current price? Answer: Occassionaly a trader will make a blatant mistake. A customer calls to buy 100 shares at $10, and
Question: At what point should I begin paying off student loans? Answer: If you have sufficient money to support yourself until you have a career, then paying off your student
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: At 22yo, unless you have a terminal illness, you have many years to earn and save
Question: How to record business income tax paid, in QuickBooks? Answer: Federal income taxes are indeed expenses, they're just not DEDUCTIBLE expenses on your 1120. Federal Income Tax Expense is
Question: Why don't more people run up their credit cards and skip the country? Answer: It's harder than you think. Once card companies start seeing your debt to credit line
Question: Can I trust the Motley Fool? Answer: I would personally beware of the Motley Fool. Their success is based largely on their original investment strategy book. It had a
Question: Should I use Mint.com? Is it secure / trusted? [duplicate] Answer: Yes, there is such possibility. Also, there's a possibility people made your computer, your operation system, your browser,
Question: How does order matching happen in stock exchanges? Answer: But how does the quantity matching happen? For example, if I want to buy 1000 shares at $100, but there
Question: If I sell a stock that I don't have, am I required to buy it before a certain amount of time? Answer: I don't actually have any of this
Question: Investment for beginners in the United Kingdom Answer: If you havent yet maxed out your ISA, then its a no-brainer. You get excellent tax rebates and its silly not
Question: Should I buy out my brother on a property we will inherit before making improvements? Answer: In the end you, your dad, and your brother should come to an
Question: Will my Indian debit card work in the U.S.? Answer: You can use the debit card for practically any purchase that you make. You'll have to take the usual
Question: It is worth using a discount stock broker? I heard they might not get the best price on a trade? Answer: They're not negotiating trade rates for you, you
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: Comparing index funds to long-term investments in individual companies? A counterintuitive study by Jeremy Siegel addressed a similar question:
Question: Will I be paid dividends if I own shares? Answer: Yes, as long as you own the shares before the ex-dividend date you will get the dividends. Depending on
Question: Must a company have a specific number of employees to do an IPO? Answer: No, there is no minimum employee limit in order for a company to initiate an
Question: Why is the stock market closed on the weekend? Answer: The answer is 7-fold: BOTTOM LINES: Bubble; bursting bubble; Great Depression; Victory in WWII; All work and no play
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: I think part of why it is perceived is so bad is because the fluctuations in housing prices
Question: What pension options are there for a 22 year old graduate in the UK? Answer: I wouldn't go into a stock market related investment if you plan on buying
Question: Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance? Answer: It's important because you may be able to reduce the total amount of
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: There are many situations where injecting a certain amount of cash at the right time may reap rewards far in excess of the value of
Question: Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive? Answer: In a rational market, the market caps (total value of all shares
Question: Why index funds have different prices? Answer: To add on to the other answers, in asking why funds have different price points one might be asking why stocks aren't
Question: Can a put option and call option be exercised for the same stock with different strike prices? Answer: What you did is called a "strangle." It's rather unlikely that
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: Nobody has consistently doubled their investment year after year, not even the "greats" like George Soros and Warren
Question: How do I fold side-income into our budget so my husband doesn't know? Answer: I doubt that it is possible to keep something like this secret from your husband
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: In Australia there are cases for the argument. 1) We have laws against unfair dismissal that do not
Question: For very high-net worth individuals, does it make sense to not have insurance? Answer: The point of insurance is to trade high variable costs for much lower fixed costs.
Question: Requirements for filing business taxes? Answer: While she can certainly get an LLC or EIN, it isn't necessarily required or needed. She can file as a sole-proprietor on her
Question: Stock stopped trading, what does this mean? Answer: It looks like JP Morgan can convert your holding to unsponsored ADRs until July.. In any event, you should not completely
Question: Looking for advice on rental property Answer: I think the first step is to be thankful that your relationship with this person has not degenerated into lawsuits and bickering.
Question: Shareholder in US based company Answer: Companies need to go public before you can buy their shares on a public stock exchange, but all companies have shares, even if
Question: Are Certificates of Deposit worth it compared to investing in the stock market? Answer: The difference is downside risk. Your CD, assuming you are in the US and the
Question: Advice for opening an IRA as a newbie Answer: As other people have indicated, traditional IRAs are tax deductable for a particular year. Please note, though, that traditional IRAs
Question: Flexplan - a company is taking over another, do I pay the balance? Answer: This is only one of a series of questions your friend needs to understand. They
Question: Should I keep copies of my business's invoices for tax records? Answer: It's always beneficial to have detailed business records. There are any number of reasons where you'd need
Question: What happens to an options contract during an all stock acquisition? Answer: According to this article: With an all-stock merger, the number of shares covered by a call option
Question: Capital gains on no-dividend stocks - a theoretical question Answer: Stock prices are set by the market - supply and demand. See Apple for example, which is exactly the
Question: Website for managing personal cash inflow and outflow, applicable to India? Answer: You might like https://planwise.com/index.htm
Question: Historical share price at exact day and time Answer: An alternative to paying thousands of dollars for historical prices by the minute: Subscribe to real time data for as
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: Most of the answers here reflect a misunderstanding of what gold actually is from a financial perspective. I'll answer your question by asking
Question: Why would a company like Apple be buying back its own shares? Answer: I think JB King's answer is interesting from the point of view of "is this good
Question: How to work around the Owner Occupancy Affidavit to buy another home in less than a year? Answer: In your particular condition could buy the condo with cash, then
Question: Where to deduct gambling losses? Answer: 1: Gambling losses not in excess of gambling winnings can be deducted on Schedule A, line 28. See Pub 17 (p 201). Line
Question: In the USA, does the income tax rate on my wages increase with the amount of money in my bank account? Answer: You can call what you're asking about
Question: Price difference among shares in Hong Kong and Shang Hai Answer: Wikipedia talks about the Chinese currency: Scholarly studies suggest that the yuan is undervalued on the basis of
Question: Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score? Answer: I will disagree with the other answers. The idea that there is
Question: Does money made by a company on selling its shares show up in Balance sheet Answer: First: the question is irrelevant for purchases on exchange, mostly. Majority of sales
Question: How much can I withdraw from Betterment and be considered long-term investment? Answer: This question and your other one indicate you're a bit unclear on how capital gains taxes
Question: Are BIC and SWIFT code the same things? Answer: IBAN -> is International Bank Account Number. The number is constructed in such a way that it uniquely identifies your
Question: Why do so many NFL (pro football) players have charities? Answer: In addition to tax-related benefits, one answer may be that it helps them avoid being inundated with requests
Question: Can I buy stocks directly from a public company? Answer: As far as I know, the answer to this is generally "no." The closest thing would be to identify
Question: Paid off oldest CC keep it open or close it? Answer: Close the account. The age doesn't outweigh the fact that you have to pay for the card. It
Question: Can a CEO short his own company? Answer: That would be the ultimate in insider trading. They made a stock transaction knowing in advance what was going to happen
Question: How should I invest my money as a young graduate in Europe? Answer: Using a simple investment calculator to get a sense of scale here, to have 70k total,
Question: How to keep control of shared expenses inside marriage? Answer: JoeTaxpayer's answer mentions using a third "house" account. In my comment on his answer, I mentioned that you could
Question: Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store? Answer: In my experience dealing with credit cards and store cards,
Question: Should I finance rental property or own outright? Answer: In general you do not want to show a taxable gain on rental properties if you can avoid it. One
Question: Does investing in a company support it? Answer: We're not "helping" the company in a comparable sense to donating money to a non-profit. As you wrote, investing in a
Question: Why does AAPL trade at such low multiples? Answer: This is an opinion, but I think it has more to do with the market's uncertainty about the long-term future
Question: Approximate IT company valuation (to proximate stock options value) Answer: You also need to remember that stock options usually become valueless if not exercised while an employee of the
Question: What evidence or research suggests that mid- or small-capitalization stocks should perform better than large caps? Answer: From Dimson, Elroy, Paul Marsh, and Mike Staunton. Triumph of the Optimists:
Question: ETF S&P 500 with Reinvested Dividend Answer: A DRIP plan with the ETF does just that. It provides cash (the dividends you are paid) back to the fund manager
Question: Does Apple have $0 of treasury stock? Answer: Treasury stock is not really represented in the Balance Sheet as a "Treasury stock" line item in the assets. Some companies
Question: If I were to get audited, what would I need? Answer: While IANAL (tax or otherwise), I have always found that keeping original receipts is the only way to
Question: "Debt Settlement Order" Text Spams  How do they work? Answer: There are likely to be two approaches: An autodialer of any description would be more than capable of
Question: How to fill the IRS Offer In Compromise with an underwater asset? Answer: You're supposed to be filling form 433-A. Vehicles are on line 18. You will fill there
Question: Why would a company sell debt in order to buy back shares and/or pay dividends? Answer: My answer is not specific, or even maybe applicable, to Microsoft. Companies don't
Question: Short an option - random assignment? Answer: You've described the process fairly well. It's tough to answer a question that ultimately is 'how is this fair?' It's fair in
Question: A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea? Answer: Investing in the stock market early is a good thing. However, it does have a learning
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: You earn
Question: What is a 401(k) Loan Provision? Answer: Basically, a 401(k) can have what is called a "loan", but is more properly a "structured withdrawal and repayment agreement". This allows
Question: Can LLC legally lend money to a friend? Answer: Tax accountant here. The money is yours and you can do what ever you want with it. Just make sure
Question: What happened to GOOG-stock? Why isn't it 1.000 USD? Answer: The stock split, it is similar to what happened to Apple a little while back. When Google split 2
Question: Is it legal if I'm managing my family's entire wealth? Answer: You are opening up a large can of worms with how you are doing this. In very positive
Question: How frequently should I request additional credit? Answer: I don't know of a guideline to how often you can ask for an increase. You can ask as often as
Question: Is an Income Mutual Fund a good alternative to a savings account? Answer: The value will certainly fluctuate up and down (but on average gain more than a savings
Question: Can I move my 401k to another country without paying tax penalty? Answer: Transfers can be made from U.S. pension plans to Canadian RRSPs, if the following conditions are
Question: Why don't some places require a credit card receipt signature, and some do? Answer: This is basically done to reduce costs and overhead, with agreement of the credit card
Question: If earning as freelancer, is it better to be a Sole Trader or Limited Company? Answer: As I understand it (please correct me if i'm wrong, i've looked at
Question: HELOC vs. Parental Student Loans vs. Second Mortgage? Answer: Debt is no fun. Getting out of debt to replace it with more debt is no fun. In both cases,
Question: Foreign currency conversion for international visitors to ecommerce web site? Answer: Central banks don't generally post exchange rates with other currencies, as they are not determined by central banks
Question: How do historically low interest rates affect real estate prices? Answer: Interest rates do generally affect house prices but other factors do too, especially the unemployment rate. However, everything
Question: Swiss-style Monetary Policy Answer: This is what is called "weasel words". They're trying to put some authority into their ad, but since they don't have any - they're putting
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: Careful with saying "no need". Look careful at the cost of
Question: What is the meaning of "short selling" or "going short" a stock? Answer: The reason for selling a stock "short", is for when you believe the stock value will
Question: How some mutual funds pay such high dividends Answer: Look at their dividend history. The chart there is simply reporting the most recent dividend (or a recent time period,
Question: Precious metal trading a couple questions Answer: Limited Price is probably equivalent to the current par value of a "limit order". Markets move fast, and if the commodity is
Question: How can I get a mortgage I can't afford? Answer: You can ask the buyer to lower the price by the amount you are approved for and negation transferring
Question: W-8BEN? What's the tax from selling my software to a U.S. company, from abroad? Answer: I realize this is a stale topic, but to anybody who may swing by
Question: Can a bunch of wealthy people force Facebook to go public? Answer: In the US, a private company with less than 500 owners can dictate who can or can't
Question: Is my stock gone forever from a reverse split / bought by another company? Answer: You can't own fractional shares. If the Reverse Split resulted in you having less
Question: Should the poor consider investing as a means to becoming rich? Answer: Investments earn income relative to the principal amounts invested. If you do not have much to invest,
Question: Is Weiss Research, Inc. a legitimate financial research company? Answer: Weiss Ratings is an independent company providing data and analysis for the bank and insurance industries. Weve published the
Question: Can I transfer my Employee Stock Purchase Plan assets to a different broker? Answer: I have an ESPP with E*Trade; you can transfer stock like that via a physical
Question: Are there any other investing methods I should look into? Answer: 401Ks and IRAs are types of retirement accounts. They have rules regarding maximum amount of investments per year;
Question: Why is Net Asset Value (NAV) only reported by funds, but not stocks? Answer: The (assets - liabilities)/#shares of a company is its book value, and that number is
Question: Why not pay in full upfront for a car? Answer: There many car loans at zero percent interest. Finance the car at zero percent, then take your money and
Question: Why do car rental companies prefer/require credit over debit cards? Answer: I have looked at the conditions of a car rental company, and I believe it provides the answers:
Question: Why is the fractional-reserve banking not a Ponzi scheme? Answer: You are forgetting one crucial point regarding the money supply. The US Federal Reserve increases the money supply, meaning
Question: Is it possible, anywhere in the US for a funding firm to not have a license number showing somewhere? Answer: In the United states the US government has the
Question: How to improve credit score and borrow money Answer: I had to apply for an American Express card, which was also rejected. Then I had searched for a Marbles
Question: Is it better to ask for a raise before a spin-off / merger or after? Answer: Corporate restructuring makes everything a flux, so you might as well revisit some
Question: What tax laws apply to Meetup group income? Answer: In the United States tax law, a group of people who are neither an individual nor an incorporated entity is
Question: Can a self-employed person have a Health Savings Account? Answer: IRS Publication 969 gives all the details about HSA accounts and High Deductible plans: According to your question you
Question: How to find a good third-party, 401k management/advice service? Answer: The vanilla advice is investing your age in bonds and the rest in stocks (index funds, of course). So
Question: How do I calculate the actual dividend amount for a monthly dividend payout mutual fund? Answer: So if someone would invest 14000 credits on 1st April 2016, he'd get
Question: Assessing risk, and Identifying scams in Alternative Investments Answer: 10 to 20% return on investment annually. "When I hear that an investment has a 10%+ return on it I
Question: Can PayPal transfer money automatically from my bank account if I link it in PayPal? Answer: I have a PayPal account that I have linked to my bank account.
Question: What are the important differences between mutual funds and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)? Answer: The main difference between an ETF and a Mutual Fund is Management. An ETF will
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: Any kind of credit contract such as a mobile phone contract (could be
Question: The Asset Allocation Paradox Answer: Asset Allocation serves many purposes, not just mitigating risk via a diversification of asset classes, but also allowing you to take a level of
Question: What to think of two at the money call options with different strike prices and premiums? Answer: Your scenario depicts 2 "in the money" options, not "at the money".
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: In regards to purchasing full coverage on your car even if
Question: How do I choose 401k investment funds? Answer: Here is the "investing for retirement" theoretical background you should have. You should base your investment decisions not simply on the
Question: How does pre-market trading work? Answer: First of all, not all brokers allow trading during pre-market and post-market. Some brokers only allow trading during the regular hours (9:30am -
Question: Are there index tracking funds that avoid the "buy high - sell low" problem? Answer: In a cap-weighted fund, the fund itself isn't buying or selling at all (except
Question: Can an unmarried couple buy a home together with only one person on the mortgage? Answer: In this case can the title of the home still be held by
Question: Buy tires and keep car for 12-36 months, or replace car now? Answer: New tires will increase the resale value of the car; while not by the full cost
Question: Can extra mortgage payments be made to lower the monthly payment amount? Answer: Typically, this is not an option, as the monthly payments are fixed. It depends on the
Question: I want to invest in Gold. Where do I go and buy it? Answer: You can buy from any of the well known jewelry shops. Or you can even
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: I think the question can be answered by realizing that whoever is buying the stock is buying
Question: Can I claim a tax deduction for working from home as an employee? I work there 90% of the time Answer: The general rule is: Generally, in order to
Question: What bonds do I keep and which do I cash, why is the interest so different Answer: Bonds released at the same time have different interest rates because they
Question: Shifting income to 401k Answer: Assumptions made for this answer, they may not be true for anybody: For the numbers part we will assume you are single and make
Question: GnuCash and ledger/hledger Answer: Answering my own question, I figured it out: yes, there is a way, with a tool called gnucash2ledger.py. Versions used: GnuCash 2.6.1, Ledger 2.6.2, hledger
Question: How do I know if a dividend stock is "safe" and not a "dividend yield trap"? Answer: Let me provide a general answer, that might be helpful to others,
Question: Over the long term, why invest in bonds? Answer: Bonds provide protections against stock market crashes, diversity and returns as the other posters have said but the primary reason
Question: Investing in income stocks for dividends - worth it? Answer: To answer your question: yes, it's often "worth it" to have investments that produce income. Do a Google search
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: Unlike others who have answered the question - I have done this. Here is my experience - your mileage and
Question: Why don't banks allow more control over credit/debit card charges? Answer: This is a question with a flawed premise. Credit cards do have two-factor authentication on transactions they consider
Question: Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate? Answer: Here I thought I would not ever answer a question on this site and
Question: Stocks: do Good Till Cancelled orders get executed during after hours? Answer: You'd have to check the rules for your broker to make sure that the term is being
Question: Business Investment Loss from prior year Answer: You need to give specific dates! In the United States, you have three years to file an amended tax return. https://www.irs.gov/uac/Newsroom/Ten-Facts-about-Amended-Tax-Returns Did
Question: Would extending my mortgage cause the terms to be re-negotiated? Answer: Run the numbers in advance. Understand what are the current rates for an additional 2nd mortgage, what are
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: Get someone in your family to pay for it. If that's not an option, you have no choice but to make
Question: Starting off as an investor Answer: You've asked eleven different questions here. Therefore, The first thing I'd recommend is this: Don't panic. Seek answers to your questions systematically, one
Question: Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash? Answer: I can think of three things you might do: Talk to a fee-only adviser. As the comments suggest, this would
Question: Why does AAPL trade at such low multiples? Answer: This is also an opinion, the iPhone makes up too much of the company's total revenue. Last quarter results were
Question: Cons of withdrawing money from an Roth IRA account? Answer: One "con" I have not yet seen mentioned: retirement accounts are generally protected from creditors in a bankruptcy. There
Question: Does a stay at home mom need term life insurance? Answer: We asked the same question earlier this year as my wife is a SAHM with 2 young boys
Question: How to calculate average drawdown of a trading system? Answer: First of all, I think I'll clear off some confusion in the topic. The Sterling Ratio is a very
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: As an easy way to answer... look at an index, let's say the S&P
Question: How to measure how the Australian dollar is faring independent of the US dollar Answer: What you want is the average change in rate of the Australian Dollar against
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: The most important thing is to start. Don't waste months and years trying to figure
Question: Is there a return-on-investment vs risk graph anywhere? Answer: Yes, there is a very good Return vs Risk graph put out at riskgrades.com. Look at it soon, because it
Question: What percentage of my portfolio should be in individual stocks? Answer: I think it depends entirely on your risk tolerance. Putting money in individual stocks obviously increases your risk
Question: Should I sell my stocks to reduce my debt? Answer: Simply put, the interest you're paying on your loans is eating into any gains you have in the stock
Question: Working on a tax free island to make money? Answer: If you're an American, and willing to give up citizenship, good luck to you. Otherwise, Uncle Sam still wants
Question: What is good growth? Answer: In One Up on Wall Street, Peter Lynch suggested that there are six major aspects to choosing growth stocks:
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: You should distinguish between the price and the value of a company: "Price is what you
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: The answer is partly and sometimes, but you cannot know when or how. Most clearly,
Question: What's the point of Ford loosening financing requirements? Answer: Why then did Ford (and the auto industry in general) suddenly decide to court such buyers? Clearly when they felt
Question: Why won't my retirement account let me write a "covered put"? Answer: I have a Roth IRA with Scottrade, and they allow me to write cash secured puts, as
Question: How does a brokerage firm work? Answer: Real target of commisions is providing "risk shelter". It is kind of "insurance", which is actually last step for external risks to
Question: What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage? Answer: It may clarify your thinking if you look at this as two transactions: I am an Australian so I
Question: Why should a company go public? Answer: You go public to raise money, to invest in the business and/or pay off the existing shareholders. It's really as simple as
Question: Main source of the shares/stocks data on the web Answer: To expand on keshlam's answer: A direct feed does not involve a website of any kind. Each exchange publishes
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: This is the exactly wrong thing to do especially in the age of algorithmic trading. Consider this event
Question: Should I move my money market funds into bonds? Answer: It depends how much risk you're prepared to accept. The short-term risk-free rate of return at present is something
Question: Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"? Answer: Because someone smarter than you by 50 IQ points (a quant) will depart their larger position long before
Question: In 2015, why has the price of natural gas been plummeting? Answer: Don't try to catch a falling knife. The fact that the prices were falling for this long
Question: Invest in low cost small cap index funds when saving towards retirement? Answer: I think you're on the right track with that strategy. If you want to learn more
Question: Should a high-school student invest their (relative meager) savings? Answer: IMHO It is definitively not too early to start learning and thinking about personal finances and also about investing.
Question: My university has tranfered me money by mistake, and wants me to transfer it back Answer: You have received some good answers, but since your concern is proper protocol,
Question: How would IRS treat reimbursement in a later year of moving expenses? Answer: IRS pub 521 has all the information you need. Expenses reimbursed. If you are reimbursed for
Question: How can I claim tax back from whilst I was working in Austria? Answer: I don't have any specific situation on the situation in Austria, but in general there
Question: Stock not available at home country nor at their local market - where should I buy it Answer: Theoretically, it shouldn't matter which one you use. Your return should
Question: Does 83(b) cause a tax liability when exchanging startup stock for public stock? Answer: I was told by the lawyers there was no tax consequence because the two numbers
Question: Owner-Financed home sale or Land Contract  how to handle the transaction and the ongoing entity? Answer: I've done this, but on the other side. I purchased a commercial
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: add the interest for the next 5 payments and divide that by how much you paid on the principal
Question: Tax deductions on empty property Answer: If the building has no income, it also probably has minimal expenses. The heat, water and electricity costs are nearly zero. They are
Question: Working out if I should be registered as self-employed in the UK Answer: Being self employed just means you fill out some more forms in your annual self assessment
Question: Is it possible to split taxation of funds earned from a crowdfunding campaign over multiple years? Answer: I think you should really start a limited company for this. It'll
Question: Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill? Answer: I'm really going to go against the crowd here--paying it too fast could be
Question: 3-year horizon before trading up to next home: put windfall in savings, or pay off mortgage? Answer: First, I would want cash around the time I made the move.
Question: Can a US bank prevent you from making early payments to the principal on a home mortgage? Answer: Some lenders want to discourage the borrower from making these additional
Question: Get free option quotes Answer: In addition, since you asked for Montreal, you can get the quotes directly. http://www.m-x.ca/nego_cotes_en.php
Question: FATCA compliance for small Foreign Company. What do I need to do? Answer: Unless you started a bank or other kind of a financial institution (brokerage, merchant processor, etc
Question: Is Stock Trading legal for a student on F-1 Visa in USA? [duplicate] Answer: As an F1 student, I have been investing (and occasionally buying and selling within few
Question: Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy the same stock within 30 days? Answer: Yes, you would have to report the gain. It is
Question: How should my brother and I structure our real estate purchase? Answer: Because this question seems like it will stick around, I will flesh out my comments into an
Question: What are the advantages of a Swiss bank account? Answer: Here are some reasons why it is advantageous to hold a portion of your savings in other countries: However,
Question: Some questions about investing [duplicate] Answer: What is the best form of investment? It only depends on your goals... The perfect amount of money depends also on your particular
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: A simple way to ask the question might be to say "why can't I just use the same trick with my own
Question: Using a cash account can someone trade all day on it? Answer: According to Regulation T, you can make as many day trade (round trip) stock purchases using a
Question: Choosing the limit when making a limit order? Answer: Wouldn't this be part of your investing strategy to know what price is considered a "good" price for the stock?
Question: Why not pay in full upfront for a car? Answer: Possible (unlikely) reasons: But usually, yeah, if you can pay cash, you should.
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: I use http://moneydance.com/ it has Mac, Windows and Linux versions and works well for my
Question: Possible pro-rated division of asset strategies without a prenup? Answer: Absent a pre-nup, it's a case of "lawyer vs lawyer," you can't count on protecting what you came into
Question: Stock valuation - Volkswagen Answer: The primary reason a scandal like this hurts the company is the "bottom line." Any legal action means defense costs. In this case the
Question: My landlord is being foreclosed on. Should I confront him? Answer: I wouldn't confront him. It's really none of your business what he has done or not done with
Question: What home improvements are tax deductible? Answer: In general, for a home you live in, there's maintenance, which is just that, you pay to keep your house in good
Question: Over the long term, why invest in bonds? Answer: Many folks use bonds to diversify their portfolio since bonds rise and fall in value at different times and for
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: Often times the commission fees add up a lot. Many times the mundane fluctuations in the stock market on
Question: Should market based health insurance premiums be factored into 6 months emergency fund savings? Answer: Yes, it should be. As, where one has insurance, its an expense one would
Question: Implications of a Canadian company IPO having a dual TSX/NYSE stock listing? Answer: Investors who are themselves Canadian and already hold Canadian dollars (CAD) would be more likely to
Question: In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house? Answer: An important factor you failed to mention is the costs associated with owning a home.
Question: Lost credit card replaced with new card and new numbers. Credit score affected? Answer: The true answer is it depends because it is up to the credit card issuer
Question: How is a relocation fee of more than 40k taxed? Answer: It is ordinary income to you. You should probably talk to a California licensed CRTP/EA/CPA, but I doubt
Question: What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity? Answer: Borrowing Wikipedia for a bit, it seems like the intrinsic uses are these. I've ordered these approximately in
Question: Should I get an accountant for my taxes? Answer: I don't know if I would go so far as to hire an accountant. None of those things you listed
Question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing Answer: One can generalize on Traditional vs Roth flavors of accounts, I suggest Roth for 15% money and going pretax
Question: New to options trading and need help understanding an options spread risk graph. What am I missing? Answer: Suppose the stock is $41 at expiry. The graph says I
Question: Relative merits of Petrobras as an investment Answer: Could be risky, consider that some of their assets in Bolivia were nationalized.
Question: Is there any sort of tax write off for unfulfilled pay checks? Answer: If you don't receive a W2, there are 2 scenarios you should consider: If you have
Question: Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? Answer: Fail? What is the standard? If you include the base case of keeping your money under a mattress,
Question: How does the spread on an orderbook affect shorting? Answer: It this a real situation or is it a made up example? Because for a stock that has a
Question: How can I set up a recurring payment to an individual (avoiding fees)? Answer: Ask your bank or credit union. Mine will let me issue recurring payments to anyone,
Question: How to properly collect money from corporate sponsors? Answer: If this is something you plan to continue doing it would make sense to create it as it's own business
Question: When a stock price rises, does the company get more money? Answer: Seems like no one in this thread has heard of "treasury stocks", which indeed allow a company
Question: Where to find the full book of outstanding bids/asks for a stock? Answer: For starters, that site shows the first 5 levels on each side of the book, which
Question: How to transfer money to yourself internationally? Answer: Hmmm... As far as I know wire transfers are still the best option. If you make sure your US account accepts
Question: Market Making vs Market Taking (Quotes vs Orders) Answer: Quote driven markets are the predecessors to the modern securities market. Before electronic trading and HFTs specifically, trading was thin
Question: If I get a bill (e.g. for internet service), is that a debt I owe? If no, what are the practical difference between a bill and a debt? Answer:
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: I think the answer to how much you "should" spend depends on a few more
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: There's no harm in keeping them open. Like you said, closing the lines will potentially hurt your utilization.
Question: How does stock dilution work in relation to share volume? Answer: Let me answer with an extreme example - I own the one single share of a company, and
Question: Wage earners of age  60 with dependents: What Life Insurance, if any, should they buy? Answer: Without knowing the WSC's objectives, priorities of those objectives and affordability we
Question: What would happen if I were to lose all equity in my condo when it's time to renew the mortgage? Answer: It doesn't matter. You will just renew your
Question: Mortgage refinancing fees Answer: tl;dr: I think you can find a much better deal. Doing a strait refi will cost you some amount of money. However, a 2.5% fee
Question: Precedent and models for 100% equity available via initial offering? Answer: Specifically I was wondering, how can the founder determine an appropriate valuation and distribution of shares; ie- the
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: I like Quicken for personal use, and they have a small business edition if you don't want to move into QuickBooks.
Question: What reason would a person have to use checks in stores? Answer: It's because they're used to it and it works for them. Everything other reason is meh. Used
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: There are several ways you can get out of paying your student loans back
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: I have never double-answered till now. This loan can't be taken out of context.
Question: Can vet / veterinary bills be considered deductions (tax-deductible) for Income Tax purposes [Canada]? Answer: No. Medical bills for yourself or your human companions may be: Canada Revenue Seeing-eye
Question: Joint Account for Common Earnings Answer: Short Answer: Go to the bank and ask them about your options for opening a business account. Talk to an attorney about the
Question: What will happen to my restricted units? Answer: This should all be covered in your stock grant documentation, or the employee stock program of which your grant is a
Question: Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Answer: The primary reason to put 20% down on your home is to avoid paying PMI (private mortgage insurance).
Question: How to pay bills for one month while waiting for new job? Answer: A traditional bank is not likely to give you a loan if you have no source
Question: How to choose a good 401(k) investment option? Answer: The vanguard funds are all low fee your employer has done a good job selecting their provider for 401(k). I
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: It's important to distinguish between speculation and investing. Buying something because you hope to make money on market fluctuations
Question: Buying a house, how much should my down payment be? Answer: Mortgage qualification is typically done based on pretax income. To keep the math easy, let's assume $10K/month gross.
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: To keep the math simple, say you are in the 25% federal tax bracket. Your 4% mortgage effectively
Question: Please explain the relationship between dividend amount, stock price, and option value? Answer: The exchanges artificially push the price of the stock down on the ex-div date. Often the
Question: Does a stock really dip in price on the ex-dividend date? And why would it do this? Answer: This effect has much empirical evidence as googling "dividend price effect
Question: Does the IRS reprieve those who have to commute for work? Answer: Short answer, yes. But this is not done through the deductions on Schedule A. This can happen
Question: Will my current employer find out if I have a sole proprietarship/corporation? Answer: Some governments offer business information search for corporations in their jurisdiction. The search results may show
Question: Why can it be a bad idea to buy stocks after hours? Answer: Unless you want to be a short term day trader, then it is not foolish to
Question: I have $10,000 sitting in an account making around $1 per month interest, what are some better options? Answer: Based on your question, I am going to assume your
Question: Do those who invest large amounts of money in stocks pay typical brokerage commissions? Answer: Other than the brokerage fee you should also consider the following: Some brokerages provide
Question: Explanation on Warren Buffett's famous quote Answer: I think he was trying to say that in the long term the company's fundamental intrinsic value will drive the price of
Question: Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate? Answer: My wife and I have a different arrangement. I like to track everything down to the transaction
Question: Are there statistics showing percentage of online brokerage customers that are actually making a profit trading forex/futures/options? Answer: It looks like these types of companies have to disclose the
Question: Stock sale cost basis calculations for 2013, now that rules changed, is FIFO or another method the smartest financially? Answer: You have to calculate the total value of all
Question: How much of my capital should I spend on subscribing to a stock research company? Answer: To complement farnsy's answer, I want to warn people against market prediction scams.
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: I had a 2000 Chevy Cavalier until late 2011. It worked well, but was very definitely at the
Question: Why would a company issue a scrip dividend and how will this issue affect me? Answer: Am I correct in understanding that a Scrip Dividend involves the issue of
Question: What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly? Answer: From my experience and friends' experiences, I can say that there are advantages and disadvantages for paying off
Question: Open Interest vs Volume for Stock Options Answer: For stock options, where I'm used to seeing these terms: Volume is usually reported per day, whereas open interest is cumulative.
Question: How to calculate the price of a bond based with a yield to Maturity, term and annual interest? Answer: The answer to almost all questions of this type is
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: To me the key is a budget. Each month, before it begins, decide on what to spend on
Question: Calculating Pre-Money Valuation for Startup Answer: The value of a business without proven profits is really just a guess. But to determine what % ownership the VC takes some
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: If you want to have your wife stay home with kids, you'll have to make a plan to
Question: How are the best way to make and save money at 22 years old Answer: Fantastic question to be asking at the age of 22! A very wise man
Question: HSBC Hong Kong's "Deposit Plus" Product: What is it, and what strategies to employ? Answer: HSBC, Hang Seng, and other HK banks had a series of special savings account
Question: What types of receipts do I need to keep for itemized tax deductions? Answer: Businesses are only required to keep receipts over $751. However for individuals, I would throw
Question: Where to find detailed information about stock? Answer: You can take a look at EDGAR (Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval), a big database run by the SEC where
Question: How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing? Answer: Use resources like Consumer Reports and recommendations from like-minded friends to figure out brands which have a reputation
Question: United States Treasury Not Endorsing Checks Answer: Welcome to the 21st century, the New Order. Forget all that legal mumbo jumbo you may have read back in law school
Question: Can I use FOREX markets to exchange cash? Answer: Because the standard contract is for 125,000 euros. http://www.cmegroup.com/trading/fx/g10/euro-fx_contractSpecs_futures.html You don't want to use Microsoft as an analogy. You want
Question: Paid credit card bill, but money didn't leave my checking account [duplicate] Answer: You probably don't need to call the bank. Today is Sunday, so three days ago was
Question: Tax whilst starting a business in full time employment Answer: With a limited company, you'll have to pay yourself a salary through PAYE. With income from your other job
Question: Is there a term for the risk of investing in an asset with a positive but inferior return? Answer: I'm sorry for adding another answer @MatthewFlaschen but it is
Question: How can a U.S. citizen open a bank account in Europe? Answer: Tackling your last point, all banks in the EU should be covered to around 100,000. The exact
Question: On what quantity the Dividend is given in India? Answer: In India, the amount of dividend you get is based on the face value of the stock. If the
Question: Is there such a thing as a deposit-only bank account? Answer: Usually the most significant risk scenarios here are: Third parties can abuse your routing/account numbers to initiate debits,
Question: Is it possible to quantify the probability of sudden big movements for a high-volume stock? Answer: The P/E is currently 20. In hindsight, it's easy to see that when
Question: What is the point of the stock market? What is it for, and why might someone want to trade or invest? Answer: I rather like The Ascent of Money,
Question: How can one go short in Uber? Answer: The answer to this question is related to another question: How would I invest in Uber? Given that Uber is a
Question: Are prepayment penalties for mortgages normal? Answer: It's not uncommon to have a small penalty if you pre-pay the mortgage in a short time. After all, making the loan
Question: What US tax laws apply to a 13 year old game developer? Answer: After doing a little research, I was actually surprised to find many internet resources on this
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: Credits are expensive, so it's a great advantage to pay in cash. Obviously, it's even more an advantage to pay in cash
Question: When is the right time to buy a new/emerging technology? Answer: When is the right time to buy a new/emerging technology? When it's trading at a discount that allows
Question: Am I legally allowed to offset the tax I pay on freelance work? (UK) Answer: Yes, you can deduct from your taxable profits (almost) any expenses incurred in the
Question: Auto Insurance: Adding another car to the existing policy (GEICO) Answer: When adding a new or used car to the policy I have found that it is best to
Question: If you own 1% of a company's stock, are you entitled to 1% of its assets? Answer: No. If the share price drops to $0, it's likely that the
Question: What do I need as documentation in order to pay taxes in the Netherlands? Answer: The Dutch tax office is pretty decent, although slightly overburdened. Don't expect a lot
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: Any person at any time may produce their own currency, one can even do so on the
Question: Book capital losses in gnucash Answer: According to the gnucash guide, losses are recorded as negative transactions against Income:Capital Gains. I've followed this model in the past when dealing
Question: What items are exempt from the VAT? [U.K.] Answer: Some items are VAT Exempt or Reduced, but in short you will pay it on almost any all consumer goods.
Question: Exercise ISO or NSO in solo 401k? Answer: You have a Solo 401(k). You can fund it with cash, or I believe, with shares of your own company. You
Question: Can Per Diem deductions include family travel, meals and housing? Answer: You cannot deduct anything. Since you're actually moving, your tax home will move with you. You can only
Question: What would I miss out on by self insuring my car? Answer: If you can afford to replace your car, it is more cost effective, on average and over
Question: Buying a home with down payment from family as a "loan" Answer: Lenders pay attention to where your down payment money comes from. If they see a large transfer
Question: Are quarterly earnings released first via a press release on the investor website, via conference call, or does it vary by company? Answer: the financial information is generally filed
Question: Why is the stock market price for a share always higher than the earnings per share? Answer: Stock prices are set by supply and demand. If a particular stock
Question: In India, what is the difference between Dividend and Growth mutual fund types? Answer: A growth fund is looking to invest in stocks that will appreciate in stock price
Question: Does my net paycheck decrease as the year goes on due to tax brackets filling up? Answer: H.R. basically consults Publication 15 (this is the link to 2015) to
Question: Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia Answer: If you have significant assets, such as a large deposit, then diversification of risks such as currency risk is good practice
Question: Using financial news releases to trade stocks? Answer: In the U.S., publicly traded companies are under the rules of Regulation Fair Disclosure, which says that a company must release
Question: What exactly is the interest rate that the Fed is going to adjust? Answer: The Fed rate is so important because it sets a cost on lending institutions (banks,
Question: Better ways to invest money held by my small, privately-held Canadian corporation? Answer: The issue only arises when the investments grow in size. A small amount won't trigger the
Question: What are the tax implications if I do some work for a company for trade, rather than pay? Answer: Yes, the business can count that as an expense but
Question: Are there brokers or companies who trade Forex and make money for us on our investment? And do you think fxtradeinvestment is legit? Answer: There are legitimate multi currency
Question: How to Deduct Family Health Care Premiums Under Side Business Answer: No, not on schedule C, better. Its an "above the line" deduction (line 29 on your 1040). Here's
Question: incorrect printed information on check stock Answer: Even where national law might allow such a practice, the law in an individual province or state (either for issuing or receiving
Question: Looking to buy a property that's 12-14x my income. How can it be done? Answer: You need a cosigner. Someone prepared to repay the mortgager if you should fail
Question: Can I profit from selling a PUT on BBY? Answer: Yes, theoretically you can flip the shares you agreed to buy and make a profit, but you're banking on
Question: What does the term "match the market" mean? Answer: If your returns match the market, that means their rate of return is the same as the market in question.
Question: Is an interest-only mortgage a bad idea? Answer: It seems you understand the risks, it seems like a fine enough idea. Hopefully it works out for you. However, you
Question: Should I sell a 2nd home, or rent it out? Answer: Option A - you sell the house and then use the money to pay off a portion of
Question: Is there any "Personal" Finance app that allows 2 administrators? Answer: The best solution I've been able to find for this is MoneyWiz, where both are logged into the
Question: Do retailers ever stock goods just to make other goods sell better? Answer: There's a concept in retail called a "loss leader", and essentially it means that a store
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: First question: Any, probably all, of the above. Second question: The risk is that the
Question: Is it possible to influence a company's actions by buying stock? Answer: To quote Adam Smith, 'Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it'. In this case,
Question: Credit Card Approval Answer: Three big ones that are common in almost all banks (though, individually, they may have other criteria): Other criteria I've seen (while working in the
Question: What is a subsidy? Answer: A subsidy is a payment made by a group (usually the state) to individuals or corporations in order to shift the balance if the
Question: How to calculate P/E ratio for S&P500 sectors Answer: For the S&P and many other indices (but not the DJIA) the index "price" is just a unitless number that
Question: Put-Call parity - what is the difference between the two representations? Answer: Well, the first one is based on the "Pert" formula for continuously-compounded present value, while the second
Question: Which dividend bearing stock should be chosen by price? Answer: In the scenario you describe, the first thing I would look at would be liquidity. In other words, how
Question: Is there any algorithm to calculate highest possible return on stock market? Answer: Highest possible is meaningless. Ex: Use 17x Leverage on E-mini S&P 500 Futures, perfectly long before
Question: What is the proper way to report additional income for taxes (specifically, Android development)? Answer: If this is truly hobby income (you do not intend to operate as a
Question: Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds? Answer: See the following information: http://www.bogleheads.org/wiki/Treasury_Inflation_Protected_Security You can buy
Question: If I have some old gold jewellery, is it worth it to sell it for its melt value? Answer: I have a buddy that used to run one of
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: If you are sure you are right, you should sell stock short. Then, after the market drop
Question: How to get an ITIN if I don't have passport? Answer: On the IRS site you can find a list of "acceptance agents" in your country. Talk to one
Question: What tax can I expect on US stocks in a UK ISA? Answer: See my answer here What is the dividend tax rate for UK stock The only tax
Question: Which Roth IRA is the best for a 21 year old who has about $1500? Answer: Your question seems like you don't understand what a Roth IRA is. A
Question: What happens to class action awards for a stock in an IRA? Answer: In most cases, if you are a member of the class the law-firm will contact you
Question: What exactly is a wealth management platform? Answer: Most businesses have some sort of software to manage their client data. Most of these various software and/or services are industry
Question: Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months? Answer: it is better for your credit score to pay them down over time. This
Question: Retirement Savings vs. Student Loan payments Answer: You can play with the numbers all you like (and that's good), however, here is a different way to look at it.
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: Some proportion of the costs of a policy have little to no relationship to miles driven.
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: This can be best explained with an example. Bob thinks the price of a stock that Alice has is going to go
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: Regarding the mortgage company, they will want to know where the down payment
Question: Definitions of leverage and of leverage factor Answer: This would clear out a lot more. 1) Leverage is the act of taking on debt in lieu of the equity
Question: ISA trading account options for US citizens living in the UK Answer: NL7 is most likely right. With the rise of regulatory burden some financial institutions are refusing to
Question: 1099 for settlement what about lawyer fees? Answer: You report it as an expense against the 1099 income when you do your taxes. You will only be taxed on
Question: What is the best source of funding to pay off debt? Answer: First of all a big thumbs up for Ben's answer. A few small things you can do
Question: Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage? Answer: Yes, a mortgage is debt. It's unique in that you have a house which should be worth far
Question: How can I decide whether do a masters even if I have go into debt after doing it? Answer: Strictly from an ROI perspective, this is likely very dependent
Question: What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers? [duplicate] Answer: Most companies are taken over. One can reasonably guess that company X will be taken over for a price P,
Question: Free "Rich Dad" education, with "free gift": Is it legitimate, or is it a sales ploy? Answer: As with any business, there's a huge learning curve. Rich Dad gives
Question: What are the contents of fixed annuities? Answer: This is really two questions about yield and contents. Content As others have noted, an annuity is a contractual obligation, not
Question: What constitutes illegal insider trading? Answer: You have to read some appeals court cases see scholar.google.com , as well as SEC enforcement actions on sec.gov to get an understanding
Question: What's the best way to make money from a market correction? Answer: There are several ways to protect against (or even profit from) a market correction. Hedge funds do
Question: Can the Delta be used to calculate the option premium given a certain target? Answer: In a simple world yes, but not in the real world. Option pricing isn't
Question: Tax me more: Can I pay extra to the government so I don't have to deal with all this paperwork? Answer: Perhaps the real question you are asking is
Question: How does start-up equity end up paying off? Answer: I agree with all the people cautioning against working for free, but I'll also have a go at answering the
Question: How can I figure out how a stock's price would change after I buy shares? Answer: It depends on many factors, but generally, the bid/ask spread will give you
Question: What percentage of my portfolio should be in individual stocks? Answer: I'm in a remarkably similar situation as yourself. I keep roughly 80% of my portfolio in low-cost ETFs
Question: Potential pitfalls of this volume trading strategy Answer: First challenge: Creating a system which can understand written English well enough to read the news. Nothing short of IBM's Watson
Question: Are there "buy and hold" passively managed funds? Answer: Usually, the amswer to "why sell it" is "to maintain the specific distribution balance, or to track the index, that
Question: What is the standard deviation and mean return of oil? Answer: Your question is a moving target. And my answer will be subject to revision. I disagree with the
Question: Who Bought A Large Number Of Shares? Answer: SEC forms are required when declaring insider activity. An insider is defined by the SEC to be a person or entity
Question: What approaches are there for pricing a small business? Answer: I don't have any experience in this, but this is my academic understanding of business pricing. The LOWEST amount
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: Nathan's answer was a +1 from me. The answer is not always simple. Having the money available is
Question: How can one protect oneself from a dividend stock with decreasing price? Answer: Your question reminds me of a Will Rogers quote: buy some good stock, and hold it
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: I suppose this could really depend on the part of the world you're in, but there are still many
Question: How does start-up equity end up paying off? Answer: You will probably never see it. The startup at some point may start issuing dividends to the shareholders (which would
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: Not that I doubted everyone's assumption but I wanted to see the math
Question: ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Plan) Funds on Mortgage Loan Application Answer: ESPP shares, once purchased, are just normal shares that you got at a discount. They're just as much
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: You can't make money on the way down if it was your money that bought the shares when the market was up.
Question: How can I predict which way mortgage rates are moving? Answer: If economic conditions are weakening, i.e. unemployment rising, business and consummer confidence dropping, etc., you can expect interest
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: Short-term, the game is supply/demand and how the various participants react to it at various prices. On longer term,
Question: What percentage of my portfolio should be in individual stocks? Answer: If you are comfortable with the risk etc, then the main thing to worry about is diversity. For
Question: Is my employee stock purchase plan a risk free investment? Answer: Your maximum risk is 100%. If you buy the stock 15% off and your company goes bankrupt tomorrow,
Question: Is it worth working at home to earn money? Can I earn more money working at home? Answer: I don't mean to be rude, but if you have to
Question: When an investor makes money on a short, who loses the money? Answer: Michael gave a good answer describing the transaction but I wanted to follow up on your
Question: Why can't a US state default, but a EU state can? Answer: But do you know about a US state risking to go default now or in the past?
Question: How would I go about selling the stock of a privately held company? Answer: The easiest way to find a buyer should be to ask the company to connect
Question: How can I remove the movement of the stock market as a whole from the movement in price of an individual share? Answer: The portion of a stock movement
Question: Figuring flood insurance into financing cost Answer: We recently had a sump pump fail during a rainy weekend. Never had more than an inch or so of water on
Question: Canada discount stock brokers: Interactive Brokers vs. Questrade? Answer: I have had accounts at both IB and Questrade. Whatever you've heard about Questrade, sadly much of it is true
Question: I cosigned on a house for my brother Answer: He wasn't wrong that a mortgage would help your credit score, assuming that this was a perfect world and everyone
Question: Should I use my non-tax advantaged investment account to pay off debt? Answer: If what you are paying in interest on the debt is a higher percentage than what
Question: What is the stock warrant's expiration date here? Answer: These warrants do not have a fixed expiration date, rather their expiration date is dependant upon the company completing an
Question: How to understand the caculation of interest for credit cards? Answer: Suppose you have been paying interest on previous charges in the past. Your monthly statement is issued on
Question: How to maximise savings? Answer: First: it sounds like you are already making wise choices with your cash surplus. You've looked for ways to keep that growing ahead of
Question: Dealership made me the secondary owner to my own car Answer: Imagine that, a car dealership lied to someone trusting. Who would have thought. A big question is how
Question: Fund equalisation / dividend Answer: What you are describing is a very specific case of the more general principle of how dividend payments work. Broadly speaking, if you own
Question: What is the meaning of public stock price data from before the official first day of trading? [duplicate] Answer: For the case of spinoffs it reflects the market as
Question: Is it safe to accept money in the mail? Answer: On your end of the deal, the biggest risk is probably counterfeiting. That said, I'd think that most of
Question: Advice on money transfer business Answer: As soon as I see the word "friends" along with money transfer I think scam. But ignoring that red flag.... You will have
Question: Does dollar cost averaging really work? Answer: If you know with 100% certainty what the market will do, then invest it all at the best time. If not, spread
Question: Debit cards as bad as credit cards? Answer: This sounds more like a behavioral than a debit card issue to me TBH. Did you put the money you're putting
Question: What does a well diversified self-managed investment portfolio look like? Answer: Diversified is relative. Alfred has all his money in Apple. He's done very well over the last 10
Question: Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading? Answer: CFDs should not be used as a buy and hold strategy (which is risky enough doing with shares directly). However,
Question: Do any publically available documents from IR or SEC include all patents the company holds? Answer: SEC filings do not contain this information, generally. You can find intangible assets
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Inflation is a bad thing. It makes it much more difficult for people to compare
Question: Cashing in stocks for house downpayment Answer: Assuming that you have capital gains, you can expect to have to pay taxes on them. It might be short term, or
Question: How to choose a good 401(k) investment option? Answer: Great question and good for you for starting investments. Are you young, like in your 20s? I would do all
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: I think it's apt to remind that there's no shortcuts, if someone thinks about doing FX fx: -
Question: Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first? Answer: I recommend saving for retirement first to leverage compound interest over
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: Credit reports have line items that, if all is well, say "paid as agreed." A car loan almost
Question: How to record "short premium" in double-entry accounting? Answer: You don't. No one uses vanilla double entry accounting software for "Held-For-Trading Security". Your broker or trading software is responsible
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: Because this is Money.SE and you're connecting it to offspring, I'd think about a discussion with them to
Question: What do the suffixes on stock symbols indicate Answer: The suffix represents the stock exchange the stock is traded on. N represents the New York Stock Exchange and O
Question: Something looks off about Mitsubishi financial data Answer: All but certainly, Mitsubishi is selling so cheaply because of the fuel scandal. It has been providing false fuel efficiency data
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: From some of your previous questions it seems like you trade quite often,
Question: How websites like Google have access to stock market data? Answer: At the bottom of Yahoo! Finance's S & P 500 quote Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and
Question: How are bonds affected by the Federal Funds Rate? Answer: I'll answer your question, but first a comment about your intended strategy. Buying government bonds in a retirement account
Question: How does the value of an asset (valued in two different currencies) change when the exchange rate changes? Answer: If there is a very sudden and large collapse in
Question: Selling To Close Answer: Absolutely. There is no requirement that an option be in-the-money for you to close out a position. Remember that there are alwayes two sides to
Question: Most common types of financial scams an individual investor should beware of? Answer: Cosigning on a loan. More broadly any exchange of value between family members or friends. Despite
Question: What percent of my salary should I save? Answer: What percent of my salary should I save? is tightly coupled with its companion, What size "nest egg" should my
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: If you have non-salary income, you might be required to file 1040ES estimated tax for
Question: Why are American-style options worth more than European-style options? Answer: An option gives you an option. That is, you aren't buying any security - you are simply buying an
Question: Why would we need a "stop-limit order" for selling? Answer: One practical application would be to protect yourself from a "flash crash" type scenario where a stock suddenly plunges
Question: Company stock listed in multiple exchanges? Answer: If a company's shares trade in multiple exchanges, the prices in every exchange are very near to each other, otherwise you could
Question: What would a stock be worth if dividends did not exist? [duplicate] Answer: In the unlikely case that noone finds a way to extract resources from the company and
Question: Why do stocks gap up after a buyout is announced? Answer: The price gaps up because the offer is for a price above the current price. Therefore people want
Question: How should minor children be listed as IRA beneficiaries? Answer: I would like to bring up some slightly different points than the ones raised in the excellent answers from
Question: Is the money you get from shorting a stock free to use for going long on other stocks? Answer: You sold $10,000 worth of stock so that money is
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: This is an excellent question, one that I've pondered before as well. Here's how I've
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: You're looking at this too rationally. People can not resist eating junk food, especially when they have to
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: For most situations the "no need" answers are 100% correct. The
Question: As an investing novice, what to do with my money? Answer: A lot of people on here will likely disagree with me and this opinion. In my opinion the
Question: Carry-forward of individual losses, with late-filed past taxes [US] Answer: Is Jim right to be worries? Yes, since the statute of limitations for refunds for 2012 is close and
Question: Is it worth it to buy TurboTax Premier over Deluxe if I sold investments in a taxable account? Answer: For tax year 2014, TurboTax Deluxe no longer supports Schedule
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: No. Amazon is a reputable company. Many stores have their own credit card. Additionally they have several cards
Question: How can I calculate the volatility(standard deviation) of a stock price? and/or ROI (return on investment) of a stock? Answer: Use the Black-Scholes formula. If you know the current
Question: Best way to invest money as a 22 year old? Answer: Most important: Any gains you make from risking this sum of money over the next few years will
Question: Are stock prices purely (or mostly) only based on human action? Answer: Stock prices are indeed proportional to supply and demand. The greater the demand for a stock, the
Question: Renters Liability in Case of Liability Claims for Property Damage or Fire Answer: The truth is anyone can sue anyone for anything. So yes you could be sued, but
Question: Do I need a business credit card? Answer: It can certainly help build a credit score, but remember that businesses gain credit differently from individuals. Depending on the country,
Question: Advantages of Shareholder over Director in new Company Answer: I know the general principles of acting as a director in a company, and am familiar with the rights of
Question: Can I buy stocks directly from a public company? Answer: This is allowed somewhat infrequently. You can often purchase stocks through DRIPs which might have little or no commission.
Question: Do my kids need to file a tax return? Answer: No they do not. From form 1040 instructions, a single, non-blind dependent under age 65 must file if the
Question: I'm 20 and starting to build up for my mortgage downpayment, where should I put my money for optimal growth? Answer: You should never take advice from someone else
Question: Should I pay my Education Loan or Put it in the Stock Market? Answer: 2.47% is a really, really good rate, doubly so if it's a fixed rate, and
Question: How to make an investment in a single company's stock while remaining market-neutral? Answer: You can employ a hedging strategy using short selling, put options, or other methods that
Question: Better ways to invest money held by my small, privately-held Canadian corporation? Answer: Since you are talking about a small firm, for the long term, it would be advisable
Question: How do I do double-entry bookkeeping for separately-managed investment accounts? Answer: For any accounts where you have a wish to keep track of dividends, gains and losses, etc., you
Question: Converting annual interbank rates into monthly rates Answer: The formula you're looking for is Thus, from 3% p.a. you get ca. 0.247% per month. However, as you see 0.25%
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: First off, I highly recommend the book Get a Financial Life. The basics of personal
Question: What could be the cause of a extreme high/low price in after hours market? Answer: Often these types of trades fall into two different categories. An error by broker
Question: What low-fee & liquid exchange-traded index funds / ETFs should I consider holding in a retirement portfolio? Answer: @bstpierre gave you an example of a portfolio similar to IFA's
Question: Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won't continue to live there your whole life Answer: It's pretty simple - the less money you owe
Question: Where can I trade FX spot options, other than saxobank.com? Answer: Oanda.com trades spot forex and something they call box options, it's not quite what you are looking for,
Question: Reducing taxable income in US in December Answer: My first question to you is if you itemize? If not the charitable contributions will not do any good. Along these
Question: How does on-demand insurance company Trov prevent insurance fraud or high prices? Answer: Anything can be insured for the right price... this product is offered for devices at higher
Question: Is 6% too high to trade stocks on margin? Answer: 6% isn't "too high" in terms of market rates at the moment, however it's a very subjective question whether
Question: How is Discover different from a Visa or a MasterCard? Answer: From the business side of credit cards, Discover and American Express carry their own risk. AmEx has lent
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: It's simple, really: Practice. Fiscal responsibility is not a trick you can
Question: What can I do to remedy ISA cash/shares transfer latency? Answer: One possibility you may consider is to keep all of your funds in the stocks and shares ISA
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: Ever since my apartment complex started accepting rent payments online, I've almost never written a check. I use my debit card
Question: How do credit union loans and dividends vs interest work? Answer: A credit Union makes loans exactly the same ways a bank does. A portion of the money deposited
Question: Property Trust - who or what is the Owner? Answer: The trust owns the property, the trustees control the property and the beneficiaries receive any income from rent or
Question: Is stock trading based more on luck than poker playing? Answer: I'd say that it cannot be meaningfully calculated or measured because the two are just too different in
Question: Should we prepay our private student loans, given our particular profile? Answer: See my recent answer to a similar question on prepaying a mortgage versus investing in IRA. The
Question: How hard for US customers make payments to non-resident freelancer by wire transfer? Answer: I would look for an alternative wire transfer service that will charge less. I use
Question: Is a car loan bad debt? Answer: Good debt and "Bad debt" are just judgement calls. Each person has their own opinion on when it is acceptable to borrow
Question: Which credit card is friendliest to merchants? Answer: From experience, Mastercard and Visa charge vendors about the same (around 2%-5%) while American Express and Diners Club are astonishingly expensive
Question: Trading US stocks from India Answer: You can easily go to somebody like icici ask for the demat section and enable overseas stock trading.
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: As others have said, if the dealer accepted payment and signed over ownership of the vehicle, that's
Question: Interest charges on balance transfer when purchases are involved Answer: The 'common sense' in it is that they want the maximum money from you while still suggesting to a
Question: what are the downsides of rolling credit card debt in this fashion Answer: Assuming you can get keep getting credit cards like this forever, you open yourself up to
Question: Is U.S estate tax applicable to joint brokerage account of non-US citizens if one party dies? Answer: If the brokerage account holds US assets, such as the stock of
Question: Investing money 101 Answer: The way to invest money in a company is to buy its shares, or derivatives of its shares. However, it seems you're way in over
Question: Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month? Answer: Banks make mistakes. Reconciling your account with your bank statement is the way to catch the errors.
Question: An online casino owes me money and wants to pay with a wire transfer. Is this safe? Answer: I have won a large amount of money on an online
Question: Stranger in Asia wants to send me $3000 in Europe over Western Union because he "likes me"? [duplicate] Answer: It can be a money laundering scheme. The stranger gives
Question: What is the easiest way to back-test index funds and ETFs? Answer: Back-testing itself is flawed. "Past performance is no guarantee of future results" is an important lesson to
Question: How to find a reputable company to help sell a timeshare? Answer: The one thing I would like to add to Ben's answer is that you will be lucky
Question: Dealing with event driven market volatility Answer: If you are worried about elections think about writing some calls against your long positions to help hedge. If you have MSFT
Question: Can I be building a house with the bank forever? Answer: Another problem with this plan (assuming you get past Rocky's answer somehow) is that you assume that $50K
Question: How do I hedge stock options like market makers do? Answer: Buying the underlying asset will not completely hedge you, only what lies above 155 dollars (strike + price
Question: Why are banks providing credit scores for free? Answer: An alternative take on the "why" is that most people's credit is better than they think, and all of these
Question: Should I close unused credit cards before applying for another? Answer: If you're looking for cause-effect, applying for another card won't matter at all if you're not paying any
Question: Is there any reason not to buy points when re-financing with intent not to sell for a while? Answer: In such a situation, is there any reason, financial or
Question: I'm upside down on my car loan and need a different car, what can I do? Answer: There are a few things you should keep in mind when getting
Question: Can you explain the mechanism of money inflation? Answer: Assuming constant velocity, inflation is caused by the difference between the growth in the money supply and growth in real
Question: If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans? Answer: The other alternative: just invest it in tax-efficient investments. You will have limited tax-deferral
Question: Short Selling Specific to India Answer: In India the only way to short a stock is using F&O which I personally find to be sufficient for any shorting needs.
Question: collateralized mortgage obligations Answer: I think the definition of overcollateralization on investopedia will answer this question for you. Namely this part: For example, in the case of a mortgage
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: Since no one else mentioned it, there are sometimes amazing deals that require being the first person to take
Question: When the market crashes, should I sell bonds and buy equities for the inevitable recovery? Answer: The problem with the proposed plan is the word "inevitable". There is no
Question: Bonus issue - Increasing share capital Answer: Fully Paid up Partly Paid up: A company may issue stock to you which is only partly paid up, for example, a
Question: What do I need to consider when refinancing one home to pay the down-payment of another? Answer: and I need to upgrade my current home to a larger, longer-term
Question: Is there any reason to choose my bank's index fund over Vanguard? Answer: Your bank's fund is not an index fund. From your link: To provide a balanced portfolio
Question: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Answer: Do I make money in the stock market from other people losing money? Not normally.*
Question: Why are the banks and their customers in the United States still using checks? [duplicate] Answer: Because it makes money for all parties, and because the general public is
Question: 401K or Indian CD Answer: As mentioned in the comments, the problem stems with converting your U.S. Dollars to Indian Rupees so as to be able to purchase an
Question: Capital gains on no-dividend stocks - a theoretical question Answer: You are overlooking the fact that it is not only supply & demand from investors that determines the share
Question: Do large market players using HFT make it unsafe for individual investors to be in the stock market? Answer: Obviously there are good answers about the alternatives to the
Question: Trading an FHA loan to bank for an REO Answer: What you are suggesting will not work. Banks have strict guidelines about what they can and cannot do with
Question: Can you explain why these items are considered negatives on my credit report? Answer: Consider that however high your credit score gets, there is a 'worst piece of it'.
Question: If I send money to someone on student visa in USA, will he need to pay taxes on that? Answer: First: I am not a tax lawyer. This is
Question: Confirming that stocks are listed under my name Answer: The answer to your question is "no". Unless you specifically ask to receive paper share certificates, then brokers will hold
Question: On a debt collection agency's letter, what does "balance" refer to? Answer: The balance is the amount due.
Question: What is a mutual fund "high water mark" and how does it affect performance fees? Answer: With the caveat that you should always read the fine print... Generally, the
Question: I don't understand all this techincal jargon Answer: Note: While I think the above is a reasonable interpretation, I'm not about to take legal responsibility for it since I'm
Question: Thinking of doing an MBA: Is an $80K top MBA school better than a $24K online MBA school? Answer: I met two MBA graduates from Harvard - both made
Question: As an investor or speculator, how might one respond to QE3 taper? Answer: Any answer for what to do in a taper will assume ceteris paribus because how markets
Question: What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan? Answer: You could do a voluntary repossession. While a repossession never looks good on your credit a voluntary repossession is
Question: Why does the biotechnology industry have such a high PE ratio? Answer: I want to elaborate on some of the general points made in the other answers, since there
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: There are many factors. Most gas stations price their gas based on what it will cost
Question: How to invest for the event of a US default? Answer: If the US economy crashes at all suddenly, the global economy goes with it. In that case, yes,
Question: What are the implications of a corporate stock repurchase or share buyback program? Answer: A board authorizes the repurchase of shares because they feel the stock in undervalued. The
Question: What is the meaning of "Closed Short" ,"Opened Long" ,"Scaled Out" and "Scaled In"? Answer: Opened Long - is when you open a long position. Long means that you
Question: Simple loan with a mortage as collateral Answer: Assuming United States; answer may be different elsewhere. The best instructions I have seen for this were on the webpage of
Question: Connection between gambling and trading on stock/options/Forex markets Answer: I think that the answer by @jkuz is good. I'd add that the there's a mathematically precise difference: Gambling games
Question: Pay off car or use money for down payment Answer: Absolutely do not pay off the car if you aren't planning to keep it. The amount of equity that
Question: Should I give to charity by check or credit card? Answer: This might be blasphemy in the context of an audience that may be most focused on the gift
Question: What else besides fees should I consider in rebalancing my fund portfolio's asset allocation? Answer: Taxes Based on the numbers you quoted (-$360) it doesn't appear that you would
Question: Negative properties of continuously compounded returns Answer: Well, one can easily have rates below -100%. Suppose I start with $100, and end up with $9 after a year. What
Question: Does the bid price of a stock change depending on which brokerage I am using? Answer: They could have different quotes as there are more than a few pieces
Question: Is it ever a good idea to close credit cards? Answer: It is an issue of both utilization and average age of accounts. If your cards with $0 balances
Question: Judge market efficiency from raw price action Answer: The shortest-hand yet most reliable metric is daily volume / total shares outstanding. A security with a high turnover rate will
Question: How does a TFSA work? Where does the interest come from? Answer: A TFSA is a tax free savings account. It is a type of account where you can
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: As long as you're in a lower tax bracket - you would probably be better off paying the taxes
Question: Will my Indian debit card work in the U.S.? Answer: I recommend that you first try to use your card at a store in your home country, just to
Question: 401K - shift from agressive investment to Money Market Answer: I can understand your fears, and there is nothing wrong with taking action to protect yourself from them. How
Question: When (if) I should consider cashing in (selling) shares to realize capital gains? Answer: In a perfect world of random stock returns (with a drift) there is no reason
Question: Should I be worried that I won't be given a receipt if I pay with cash? Answer: There are number of reasons why someone doesn't want to give you
Question: Buying a mortgaged house Answer: Go on a website that has real estate listings. Find similar homes in the same neighborhood and list out the prices. Once you have
Question: Difference between a mortgage and buy-to-let in UK Answer: Residential mortgages normally explicitly state that the property cannot be let without explicit permission, whereas BTL mortgages typically require that
Question: Claiming business expenses for a business with no income Answer: Yes you can claim your business deductions if you are not making any income yet. But first you should
Question: Pensions, annuities, and "retirement" Answer: With an annuity, you invest directly into an annuity with money you have earned as wages/salary/etc. You pay for it, and trade your payments
Question: How to have a small capital investment in US if I am out of the country? Answer: For $100 you better just hold it in Mexico. The cost of
Question: Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit? Answer: An emergency fund is your money, sitting in a
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: Dividends are a form of passive income.
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: I think the mortgage must not be in the equation at all in order to determine how
Question: How does giving to charity work? Answer: For many people, giving to charity will have minimal effect on their taxes. Non-profits love to attract donations by saying the money
Question: When's the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold? Answer: I believe firmly that a bird in the hand is worth two in
Question: meaning of qualifying/disqualifying distribution as separate from capital gains implications Answer: A qualifying distribution seems guaranteed to fall under long term capital gains. But a disqualifying distribution could also
Question: How does per-annum depreciation for taxes work after the first year of depreciation? Answer: The first method is the correct one. You bought an asset worth of $1000 and
Question: Is it ever logical to not deposit to a matched 401(k) account? Answer: Whether or not it is logical probably depends on individual circumstance. When you take on (or
Question: How does refinancing work? Answer: A re-financing, or re-fi, is when a debtor takes out a new loan for the express purpose of paying off an old one. This
Question: Is a stock's trade size history publicly available? Answer: That is called a 'volume chart'. There are many interactive charts available for the purpose. Here is clear example. (just
Question: How to invest in Japan's stock market from the UK Answer: Use an exchange traded fund ETF, namely SPDR MSCI Japan EUR Hdg Ucits ETF. It is hedged and
Question: mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash? Answer: First off, the "mortgage interest is tax deductible" argument is a red herring. What "tax deductible" sounds like it means
Question: Is there a way I can get bid/ask price data on the NSE in real time? Answer: Yes apply for live and dynamic data (you may have to pay
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: I'm going to subtly and cheekily change the obvious advice. There are three ways to deal with negative cashflow, not two:
Question: How to use stocks certificate as a gift to a teenager? Answer: Yes, depending on what you're trying to achieve. If its just a symbolic gift - you can
Question: Is it legal to not get a 1099-b until March 15? Answer: The deadline to mail is February 15. However, if the form is being prepared by a middleman
Question: How can I invest in gold without taking physical possession? Answer: In addition to the possibility of buying gold ETFs or tradable certificates, there are also firms specializing in
Question: Buying Fixed Deposit in India from Europe Answer: A few weeks ago, I was thinking about this exact thing (except swap Euros for Canadian Dollars). The good news is
Question: Do I need a business credit card? Answer: I finally got one to separate my business and personal expenses. It will make accounting at the end of the year
Question: Are Shiller real-estate futures and options catching on with investors? Answer: In my experience, Shiller is always way before his time with his predictions and often it comes at
Question: Is a credit card deposit a normal part of the vehicle purchase process Answer: Unfortunately, it's not unusual enough. If you're looking for a popular car and the dealer
Question: Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first? Answer: You should plan 1-3 months for an emergency fund. Saving 6
Question: In India, what is the difference between Dividend and Growth mutual fund types? Answer: After searching a bit and talking to some investment advisors in India I got below
Question: Stochastic Oscillator for Financial Analysis Answer: When using the Stochastic Indicator your basic aim is to buy (go long) when the stochastic becomes oversold (goes below 20%) and then
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: I faced something similar for travel or work reasons, and as for me I preferred wire transfer
Question: What's the least risky investment for people in Europe? Answer: First of all, congratulations on saving some money. So many people these days do not even get that far.
Question: Buying a house, Bank or rent to own? Answer: We have realized from our experience that rent to own is a scam. They want your money either way. We
Question: Main source of the shares/stocks data on the web Answer: The main source is a direct feed from the stock market itself. The faster the feed, the more expensive.
Question: Do I just let an options conversion/reversal trade go to expiration? Answer: To Chris' comment, find out if the assignment commission is the same as the commission for an
Question: Why is there inconsistent returns difference between direct and regular Mutual Funds? Answer: (This answer refers to the US investment landscape) I'm not sure your classification of funds as
Question: Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance? Answer: The best learning technique for me is not to dredge through books in order to gain a
Question: Investing/business with other people's money: How does it work? Answer: Basically, you either borrow money, or get other people to invest in your business by buying stock or something
Question: Is it possible to eliminate PMI (Personal/Private Mortgage Insurance) on a mortgage before reaching 20% down on principal? Answer: On a 5% mortgage, after 24 months of payments on
Question: Does a restaurant have to pay tax on a discount? Answer: I owned a restaurant for over 5 years. Sales tax was only collected on POST discount price, though
Question: Rationale behind using 12, 26 and 9 to calculate MACD Answer: The values of 12, 26 and 9 are the typical industry standard setting used with the MACD, however
Question: Pros / cons of being more involved with IRA investments [duplicate] Answer: Lets compare your target fund, FFFFX to a well-known ETF, SPY; SPDR S&P 500 ETF. Source: Yahoo
Question: How companies choose earnings release dates, & effect on Implied Volatility Answer: I can't speak authoritatively to your broader question about stocks in general, but in several years tracking
Question: Buying back a covered Call Answer: Your three options are: Options 2 and 3 are obviously identical (other than transaction costs), so if you want to keep the stock,
Question: Home office deduction using simplified method & expensing of non-permanent office modification? Answer: Yes, you may deduct the cost of building the "noise cancellation system" :) sorry couldn't resist.
Question: Is there a standard for naming stocks exchanges? Is there a list of abbreviated names? Answer: Wikipedia is your friend: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stock_exchanges
Question: Recommendation on Options Back Testing tool please Answer: Power Options is one such example of what you seek, not cheap, but one good trade will recover a year's fee.
Question: I'm 23, living at home, and still can't afford my own property. What could I do? Answer: When I was 23, the Toronto housing market was approaching a record
Question: What college degree should I pursue to learn about stock and forex markets? Answer: There are several paths of study you could undertake. If you want to learn the
Question: How could USA defaulting on its public debt influence the stock/bond market? Answer: The default scenario that we're talking about in the Summer of 2011 is a discretionary situation
Question: How to minimize damage from sale of savings account Answer: Bank of America has been selling off their local branches to smaller banks in recent years. Here are a
Question: Pros/cons of borrowing money using a mortgage loan and investing it in a low-fee index fund? Answer: Essentially, what you're describing is a leveraged investment. As others noted, the
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: All forms of liquid investing necessarily have the same expected value. If any one form were more profitable, money
Question: Making a big purchase over $2500. I have the money to cover it. Should I get a loan or just place it on credit? Answer: You want to know
Question: How do I enter Canadian tax info from US form 1042-S and record captial gains from cashing in stock options? Answer: Depending on what software you use. It has
Question: are there any special procedures for managing non-petty cash? Answer: You manage this account just as any other account. "Petty cash" refers to accounts where the cash money is
Question: Is there any instance where less leverage will get you a better return on a rental property? Answer: I would say that you should keep in mind one simple
Question: Withdrawing large sums of money Answer: This is determined by each banking institution. In general, if making the withdrawal in person, the limit is based on what you have
Question: What is an ideal number of stock positions that I should have in my portfolio? Answer: I would just buy one ETF (index-fund) on the market you think will
Question: What is the minimum lot size (number of shares) for the London Stock Exchange? Answer: 1 lot is 100 shares on London stock exchange
Question: Td Ameritrade Roth IRA question Answer: Your broker, Ameritrade, offers a variety of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) that you can buy and sell with zero commission. An ETF is
Question: Should one only pursue a growth investing approach for Roth IRAs Answer: For me the aggressive approach makes sense since I have a longer time horizon before I need
Question: What is a good way to keep track of your credit card transactions, to reduce likelihood of fraud? Answer: The best way is to retain the charge slips. After
Question: Does investing in a company support it? Answer: As said by others, buying shares of a company will not support it directly. But let's think about two example companies:
Question: Do I need another health insurance policy? Answer: While I can't say how it is in the Philippines, my wife the insurance broker leads me to believe that individual
Question: Is there a debit card that earns miles (1 mile per $1 spent) and doesn't have an annual fee? Answer: I don't know of any that are comparable to
Question: I'm 13. Can I buy supplies at a pet store without a parent/adult present? Answer: My 12 year old routinely makes purchases with cash or a gift card (either
Question: classify investments in to different asset types Answer: REITs can be classified as equity, mortgage, or hybrid. A security that sells like a stock on the major exchanges and
Question: How can I decide whether do a masters even if I have go into debt after doing it? Answer: I did some research and I found a very interesting
Question: Should I prioritize retirement savings inside of my HSA? Answer: You would want to prioritize Roth and retirement over HSA. As the HSA is only for health and dental
Question: Would it be considered appropriate to use a market order for my very first stock trade? Answer: A few of the answers are spot on but here's another thing
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: A friend recently bought an 800 TV on 0% financing. Sounded like a sensible thing
Question: Is a currency "hedged" ETF actually a more speculative instrument than an unhedged version? Answer: Overall, since gold has value in any currency (and is sort of the ultimate
Question: Strategy for investing large amount of cash Answer: Getting the right diversity of investments helps buffer you from some of the short term market swings. If you need advice
Question: Opportunity to buy Illinois bonds that can never default? Answer: Can't declare bankruptcy isn't the same as "can't default". Bankruptcy is a specific legal process for discharging or restructuring
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: I would like to offer a different perspective
Question: How to calculate PE ratios for indices such as DJIA? Answer: The official source for the Dow Jones P/E is Dow Jones. Unfortunately, the P/E is behind a pay-wall
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I haven't seen this addressed anywhere else, so I'll make a small answer to add on to the great ones
Question: Advice on preserving wealth in a volatile economic/political country Answer: US Treasury securities are the safest investment. You can buy short term by buying T-Bills. You buy T-bills at
Question: Is there a law or regulation that governs the maximum allowable interest amount that can be charged on credit cards or in agreements where credit is extended? Answer: In
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: Alternative: buy a recent-model used
Question: Does investing more money into stocks increase chances of profit? Answer: The investment return for a given strategy is directly proportional to the amount invested. Invest twice as much,
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: It took me a very longtime to learn that I no longer need to live like a
Question: What is title insurance, and should I get title insurance for my home? Answer: Title insurance protects you from losing rights to your property in case of a court
Question: S Corp with Straddles Income Answer: If this activity were to generate let's say 100K of profit, and the other corporate activities also generate 100K of revenue, are there
Question: Received an unexpected cashiers check for over $2K from another state - is this some scam? Answer: It is likely a scam. In fact the whole mystery shopping "job"
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: Long ago, a friend of mine shared with me the "Lakshmi rule" which can be used for managing
Question: Why do grocery stores in the U.S. offer cash back so eagerly? Answer: It doesn't cost them anything, they don't pay commission on you taking cash-back. But it brings
Question: What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into "emergencies" but are not covered by an Emergency Fund? Answer: Annual property tax and home insurance come to
Question: How to read options prices Answer: This is exactly how I started, starting a simulation account on the CBOE website just to see what situation was profitable because it
Question: What's the point of a chargeback when they just ask the merchant whether they owe money to the buyer? Answer: You may be using the wrong method to get
Question: Vanguard Target Retirement Fund vs. Similar ETF Distribution (w/ REIT) Answer: It looks like an improvement to me, if for no other reason than lowering the expenses. But if
Question: How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own? Answer: It's hard to financially justify buying a house just for one person to
Question: Credit card expenses showing as Liabilities in QuickBooks Answer: Is it normal in QuickBooks to have credit card expenses being shows as liabilities? Is there a way I can
Question: Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"? Answer: Its pretty much always a positive to have large institutional investors. Here's a few cases where I can
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: Shop around for Gym
Question: At what age should I start or stop saving money? Answer: As all said, the age limitation thing is nothing, and saving money not necessarily means to live poor
Question: How long does a bank's "Know Your Customer" (KYC) process typically take? Answer: The idea is to positively identify you with properly issued government ID. If you show up
Question: What are the benefits of opening an IRA in an unstable/uncertain economy? Answer: Regarding investing in gold vs. stocks, I don't think I could say it better than Warren
Question: Can I Accept Gold? Answer: You can accept almost anything mutually agreeable to you and the other party as payment. That's the definition of "barter". If you agree to
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: The likely reason the mortgage is "tricky to get" is the adviser is probably recommending an interest-only mortgage
Question: Is it normal to think of money in different "contexts"? Answer: The psychology around money is the subject of a lifetime of study. Your observations are not uncommon. The
Question: What is a subsidy? Answer: Subsidy usually means gratuitous financial support. For example, if for whatever reason you live much below the living average paying utility services in full
Question: If I have no exemptions or deductions, just a simple paycheck, do I HAVE to file taxes? Answer: Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada. Non
Question: Why isn't money spent on necessities deductible from your taxes? Answer: The answer is simple. You can generally claim a deduction for an expense if that expense was used
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: Technically there could be a true cash fund, but the issue is it would need to have
Question: Is Weiss Research, Inc. a legitimate financial research company? Answer: It is a scam organization praying on fear of the simple minded. The facts Edelson presents are not accurate
Question: question about early exercise of a NQSO Answer: Now assume these shares are vested, held for at least 1 year, and are then sold for $5 each. Everything I've
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: If you feel comfortable taking an 8% gain on your stocks, then yes, you should sell. It is generally a
Question: Looking for good investment vehicle for seasonal work and savings Answer: There are no risk-free high-liquidity instruments that pay a significant amount of interest. There are some money-market accounts
Question: What are my options to deal with Student Loan debt collectors? Answer: You should hire a lawyer. The fact that they told you your personal information shows that they
Question: Can a stop loss order be triggered by random price? Answer: Typically this isn't a random order- having a small volume just means it's not showing on the chart,
Question: How do I get a Tax Exemption Certificate for export from the US if I am in another country? Answer: Assuming you are being charged sales tax, it all
Question: Pay down the student loan, or buy the car with cash? Answer: Here's another way to look at this that might make the decision easier: Looking at it this
Question: In which situations is it better to consider a loan instead of paying cash? Answer: A loan with modest interest is better than paying by cash if there are
Question: How to build a U.S. credit history as a worker on a visa? Answer: When you start living in US, it doesn't actually matter what was your Credit history
Question: Should I learn to do my own tax? Answer: If you've been using TurboTax, let me suggest a compromise: Let TTax fill out the forms, but then print them
Question: Should I switch/rollover my IRA to a Gold IRA at Regal Assets? Answer: The link you originally included had an affiliate code included (now removed). It is likely that
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: Every financial services company (and cellphone provider, cable and broadband provider, private energy supplier, and so on and
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: I would think it extremely unlikely that an issuer would cancel your card for having
Question: Any reason to keep IRAs separate? Answer: Can't see why would you need to track the sources of the original funds. Can't think of a reason not to consolidate,
Question: In the stock market, why is the "open" price value never the same as previous day's "close"? Answer: The simple answer: The opening price is the price of the
Question: How to convince someone they're too risk averse or conservative with investments? Answer: Let the man be. If you've tried again and again to convince him, and haven't, maybe
Question: What is a mutual fund? Answer: The simple answer is: YES, the JP Morgan emerging markets equity fund is a mutual fund. A mutual fund is a pooling of
Question: When to start investing in an index fund? Wait for a bear market, use dollar cost-averaging, or another approach? Answer: The fact that you are choosing index fund means
Question: Is the Yale/Swenson Asset Allocation Too Conservative for a 20 Something? Answer: You can look the Vanguard funds up on their website and view a risk factor provided by
Question: The Asset Allocation Paradox Answer: I recommend you take a look at this lecture (really, the whole series is enlightening), from Swenson. He identifies 3 sources of returns: diversification,
Question: US Self-Employment Tax: Do expenses stack with the 50% SE deduction? Answer: Business expenses reduce business income. The SE tax is paid on business income. The credit for 1/2
Question: Why do stocks go up? Is it due to companies performing well, or what else? [duplicate] Answer: Prices can go up or down for a variety of reasons. If
Question: How can I find a company's P/E ratio based on its given EPS and the P/E ratios of other companies? Answer: Here is how I would approach that problem:
Question: How to finance my trading strategy in foreign exchange trading? Answer: how can I get started knowing that my strategy opportunities are limited and that my capital is low,
Question: In your 20s how much money should you have and how to properly use & manage it? Answer: If you are just barely scraping by on your current income,
Question: Buying a home - brokerage fee Answer: That sounds like a particularly egregious version of exclusivity. However, the way that you could handle that is to include a "contingency"
Question: Does an owner of a bond etf get an income even if he sells before the day of distribution? Answer: Your ETF will return the interest as dividends. If
Question: Is the Yale/Swenson Asset Allocation Too Conservative for a 20 Something? Answer: I think Swenson's insight was that the traditional recommendation of 60% stocks plus 40% bonds has two
Question: Buy or sell futures contracts Answer: In general there are two types of futures contract, a put and call. Both contract types have both common sides of a transaction,
Question: What is the easiest way to back-test index funds and ETFs? Answer: I'd start with a Google search for "best backtesting tools." Does your online brokerage offer anything? You
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Buy a land and build a house. Then plant wine trees. Hire people after like
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: I think there's value in charging family members/friends interest if it will make them take the loan seriously.
Question: Should I fund a move by borrowing or selling other property assets? Answer: that would deprive me of the rental income from the property. Yes, but you'd gain by
Question: Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)? Answer: The matching funds are free money, so it is a very good idea to take
Question: If accepting more than $10K in cash for a used boat, should I worry about counterfeiting? Answer: I'd be a bit concerned about someone who wanted to transact that
Question: Info about managment compansation schemes in publicly traded companies Answer: Compensation information is available in the annual reports (10-k filings) which are available from the SEC EDGAR system or,
Question: Conservative ways to save for retirement? Answer: I'd say that because you are young, even the 'riskier' asset classes are not as risky as you think, for example, assuming
Question: Why does the Fed use PCE over CPI? Answer: The reason is in your own question. The answer is simple. They use that code to tax the product otherwise
Question: If I have AD&D through my employer, should I STILL purchase term life insurance? Answer: Most likely, yes. AD&D is insurance against a specific type of peril. Life insurance
Question: How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock? Answer: Does your company offer a 401k? or similar pre-tax retirement plans? Is your company
Question: Where can I open a Bank Account in Canadian dollars in the US? Answer: Canada, like other second-rate economies with weak currencies, provides USD accounts. It is not the
Question: Are the sellers selling pre-IPO shares over these websites legitimate or fake? Answer: You cannot trade in pre-IPO shares of companies like Facebook without being an accredited investor. If
Question: My previous and current employers both use Fidelity for 401(k). Does it make sense to rollover? Answer: I would always suggest rolling over 401(k) plans to traditional IRAs when
Question: Is this Employee Stock Purchase Plan worth it when adding my student loan into the equation? Answer: In many ESPP programs (i.e. every one I've had the opportunity to
Question: Where should I invest to hedge against the stock market going down? Answer: Sometimes the simple ways are the best:
Question: What's the difference between buying bonds and buying bond funds for the long-term? Answer: Yes, bond funds are marked to market, so they will decline as the composition of
Question: How do I interpret this analysis from Second Opinion? Answer: This is analyst speak for "the stock isn't going anywhere anytime soon". Remember these guys are offering advice to
Question: Is there a mathematical formula to determine a stock's price at a given time? Answer: The fallacy in your question is in this statement: "The formulas must exist, because
Question: Why does Bank of America sometimes refer to itself as Banc of America on some documents? Answer: From https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Banc: Banq (also Banc, banc-corp, bancorp, or bancorporation) is an intentionally
Question: Are cashiers required to check a credit card for a signature in the U.S.? Answer: It depends on the business. Some ask for ID and check against the signature
Question: How to make a decision for used vs new car if I want to keep the car long term? Answer: New cars are sold for about $500 over their
Question: F1 student and eBay selling tax Answer: If you have income - it should appear on your tax return. If you are a non-resident, that would be 1040NR, with
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Here's my take: 1) Having a car loan and paying it on time helps build credit. Not as much as
Question: Mortgage sold to yet another servicer. What are my options? Answer: You would need to check the original mortgage papers you signed with the originators. Chances are you agreed
Question: Google Finance gain value incorrect because of currency fluctuation Answer: You can easily build a Google Sheet spreadsheet to track what you want as Sheet has a 'googlefinance()' function
Question: Impact of EIN on taxation Answer: Your question mixes up different things. Your LLC business type is determined by how you organize your business at the state level. Separately,
Question: Stocks and bonds have yields, but what is a yield? Answer: Yield can be thought of as the interest rate you would receive from that investment in the form
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Possibly, if you can get them at a discount. But not if you have to
Question: Can a company donate to a non-profit to pay for services arranged for before hand? Answer: People put conditions on donations all the time. They donate to the Red
Question: What are the key facts to research before buying shares of a company? Answer: I have my "safe" money in index funds but like to dabble in individual stocks.
Question: Is Real Estate ever a BAD investment? If so, when? Answer: No, it can really not. Look at Detroit, which has lost a million residents over the past few
Question: After consulting HR Block, are you actually obligated to file your taxes with them, if they've found ways to save you money? Answer: The obligation is contractual, so you
Question: How to calculate my real earnings from hourly temp-to-hire moving to salaried employee? Answer: I would not assume they would pay for any benefits. You will be responsible for
Question: What is a "retail revolving account," and does it improve my credit score? Answer: To add to what others have said, INSTALLMENT CREDIT is a stronger factor when building
Question: Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock Answer: There is no difference between more shares of a relatively cheaper stock
Question: Merits of buying apartment houses and renting them Answer: Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) and the University of Pittsburgh (Pitt) have different end of term dates but by less than
Question: How will a limit order be executed when the stock market opens if there is a large change from the price of the day before? Answer: The next day
Question: How should I calculate the opportunity cost of using a 401(k) loan? Answer: One way to analyze the opportunity cost of using a 401K loan would be to calculate
Question: mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash? Answer: A point that hasn't been mentioned is whether paying down the mortgage sooner will get you out of unnecessary additional
Question: Form as LLC or S Corp to reduce tax liability Answer: This is actually quite a complicated issue. I suggest you talk to a properly licensed tax adviser (EA/CPA
Question: If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know? Answer: In the UK at least, dealers definitely want you to take finance. They
Question: What are the primary investment strategies people use and why do they use them? Answer: There are two umbrellas in investing: active management and passive management. Passive management is
Question: How long to wait before refinancing a high interest car loan, after improving credit history? Answer: Between half a year and a year should be enough to improve your
Question: Does anyone know what Bank of NY Mellon's EB DLs are? Answer: ACWI refers to a fund that tracks the MSCI All Country World Index, which is A market
Question: Is it accurate to say that if I was to trade something, my probability of success can't be worse than random? Answer: It seems to be that your main
Question: Why are daily rebalanced inverse/leveraged ETFs bad for long term investing? Answer: In addition to the excellent answers here I might suggest a reason for investing in leveraged funds
Question: Buy car vs lease vs long term rent for 10 years period Answer: This question has been asked and answered before. Financially, owning a car will be more economical
Question: US Banks offering Security Tokens in 2012 Answer: Charles Schwab and HSBC offer security tokens.
Question: Why naked call writing is risky compare to Covered call? Answer: If the buyer exercises your option, you will have to give him the stock. If you already own
Question: I am a contractor with revenue below UK's VAT threshold. Should I register for VAT? Answer: (1) Should I register for VAT?  If it is below the threshold
Question: Understanding the synthetic long put option Answer: A long put - you have a small initial cost (the option premium) but profit as the stock goes down. You have
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: Most companies get taken over eventually. More to the point, ANY company with a public
Question: What is the term for the quantity (high price minus low price) for a stock? Answer: It is known as the range or the price spread of the stock.
Question: How much of my home loan is coming from a bank, how much it goes back? Answer: Ditto mhoran_psprep. I'm not quite sure what you're asking. Where does the
Question: Filing Taxes for Two Separate Jobs Being Worked at the Same Time? Answer: You file taxes as usual. W2 is a form given to you, you don't need to
Question: Buying a home - brokerage fee Answer: I feel like you didn't actually read your agent's agreement, which should say where the money actually comes from. You sign it
Question: How could the 14th amendment relate to the US gov't debt ceiling crisis? Answer: It's a disturbing development -- someone is floating the idea that the executive has the
Question: What is a good way to keep track of your credit card transactions, to reduce likelihood of fraud? Answer: There are some tools that might help you. For example,
Question: At what point do index funds become unreliable? Answer: private investors that don't have the time or expertise for active investment. This may be known as every private investor.
Question: What is KIRCHSTRASSE on my statement bill? Answer: POS stands for Point of Sale (like a specific store location) which indicates that the purchase occurred by using your debit
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: I'm a big fan of buxfer.com
Question: Does home equity grow with the investment put into the house? Answer: The bank I work with would be more inclined to expand an existing HELOC rather than write
Question: Creating a Limited company while still fully employed Answer: I was just thinking ahead, can I apply for Limited company now, while fully time employed, and not take any
Question: Can a company block a specific person from buying its stock? Answer: In the UK, this is the very definition of a Public Limited Company. A Limited Company can
Question: What is a formula for calculating equity accumulated while repaying car loan? Answer: Here is a simple way to analyze the situation. Go to your bank or credit union
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: I've worked in gyms for 9 years. Here's a few things I've seen: 1)Contracts aren't necessarily a terrible thing if
Question: What are good games to play to teach young children about saving money? Answer: We play Cash Flow and Cashflow for Kids by Robert Kiyosaki. Our kids love it.
Question: Are individual allowed to use accrual based accounting for federal income tax? Answer: Yes. But once you chose the method (on your first tax return), you cannot change it
Question: Do performers pay taxes on comped meals and hotels? Answer: My number one piece of advice is to see a tax professional who can guide you through the process,
Question: Why have candlestick charts overlaps? Answer: The market is simply gapping at these times, some news may have come out that makes the market gap on the open from
Question: Early Exercise and 83(b) Election Answer: I assume I can/will need to file an 83(b) election, in order to avoid tax repercussions? What exactly will this save me from?
Question: Why do financial institutions charge so much to convert currency? Answer: In my experience working at a currency exchange money service business in the US: Flat fees are the
Question: Where do I invest my Roth IRA besides stock market and mutual funds? Answer: That depends, really. Generally speaking, though - Roth IRAs are THE PLACE for Stock-Market/Mutual-Fund investing.
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: At 50 years old, and a dozen years or so from retirement, I am close to
Question: Does a larger down payment make an offer stronger? Answer: First, let me say that you have to take everything your agent says with a grain of salt. Freakonomics
Question: Why doesn't Japan just divide the Yen by 100? Answer: Currently, there is simply no reason to do so. It's not a problem. It is no more of a
Question: What's the difference between TaxAct and TurboTax? Answer: I have used TurboTax for years with no problems. I clicked on the TaxAct link in an ad and decided to
Question: Should I buy or lease a car given that its not a super luxury car and I only drive 15 miles/d on avg? Answer: I have a few recommendations/comments:
Question: The doctor didn't charge the health insurance in time, am I liable? Answer: I was in a similar situation years back and I refused to pay the bill. My
Question: Do I need to invest to become millionaire? Answer: I get the sense that this is a "the world is unfair; there's no way I can succeed" question, so
Question: How much house can a retired person afford Answer: Consider property taxes (school, municipal, county, etc.) summing to 10% of the property value. So each year, another .02N is
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: I would definitely be putting in enough to get the most out of the match. Only reasons I
Question: How smart is it really to take out a loan right now? Answer: The logic "the interest rate on the mortgage was so low it didn't make sense not
Question: How Long Can It Take For a Check I Write to Clear on My Account? Answer: There's nothing you can do. If he has indeed deposited the check, it
Question: Withdraw funds with penalty or bear high management fees for 10 years? Answer: Here's the purely mathematical answer for which fees hurt more. You say taking the money out
Question: When does a low PE ratio not indicate a good stock? Answer: Some companies have a steady, reliable, stream of earnings. In that case, a low P/E ratio is
Question: Will depositing $10k+ checks each month raise red flags with the IRS? Answer: I do not think banks have an obligation to report any deposits to the IRS, however,
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: all the other answers are spot on, but look at it this
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: I won't repeat what's already been said, but I agree that
Question: 2008-2009 Stock Market Crash  what caused the second drop? Answer: Ultimately no one really knows what causes the markets to rise and fall beyond supply and demand. If
Question: 401k Rollover - on my own or through my financial advisor? Answer: I thought the Finance Buff made a pretty solid argument for a financial advisor the other day:
Question: What evidence or research suggests that mid- or small-capitalization stocks should perform better than large caps? Answer: Efficient Frontier has an article from years ago about the small-cap and
Question: Got charged ridiculous amount for doctor's walk in visit. What are my options? Answer: To answer the specific question of whether you can get the bill reduced without hurting
Question: Why do requirements after a margin call vary? Answer: I believe the reasons:
Question: What benefits are there to having a Pension (Retirement Account) In Ireland? Answer: As you point out, the main benefits of a pension/retirement account over a traditional cash/taxable account
Question: Gold futures' margin Answer: The initial and overnight margin requirements are set by the exchanges (who calculate them using the Standard Portfolio of Analysis of Risk, or 'SPAN' system),
Question: Looking for an ROI formula, brain is broken today Answer: The monthly repayments of the initial $ 300,000 loan can be calculated using this formula: source: Finance Formulas The
Question: Credit and Debit Answer: It took me a while to understand the concept, so I'll break it down as best as I can. There are three parts to the
Question: Is it smarter to buy a small amount of an ETF every 2 or 3 months, instead of monthly? Answer: I personally invest in 4 different ETFs. I have
Question: Can a Zelle Bank Transfer be reversed or denied after credit has been added? Answer: After collecting information via web searching, the comments above, and a additional call to
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: Assumption - you live in a country like
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: There is currently a bill in Washington that will change the limit for salaried employees receiving overtime pay.
Question: Alternative means of salary for my employees Answer: There are several local currency initiatives in the US list here. Most are attempts to normalize a value as a living
Question: Is this reply promising a money order and cashier check a scam? Answer: I was a involved in this same scam from my Craigslist item. The buyer texted me
Question: The doctor didn't charge the health insurance in time, am I liable? Answer: If you read all that paperwork they made you fill out at the emergency room, there
Question: How can all these countries owe so much money? Why & where did they borrow it from? Answer: Others have pointed out that the entities loaning money to the
Question: Can everyday people profit from unexpected world events? Answer: NASDAQ has Pre and After market : NASDAQ Trading Schedule Regular Trading Session Schedule The NASDAQ Stock Market Trading Sessions
Question: How to invest in the Russian oil market? Answer: The Russian ETFs may be broad, but a quick glance at ERUS and RBL's sector breakdown shows they're 45% and
Question: What's the benefit of opening a Certificate of Deposit (CD) Account? Answer: One reason why you can get a better rate with a CD compared to a regular savings
Question: Options revisited: Gold fever Answer: gold is incredibly volatile, I tried spreadbetting on it. During the month of its highest gain, month beginning to month end, I was betting
Question: Tips for insurance coverage for one-man-teams Answer: While the OP disses the health insurance coverage offered through his wife's employer as a complete rip-off, one advantage of such coverage
Question: How safe is a checking account? Answer: If the checking account is in a FDIC insured bank or a NCUA insured Credit Union then you don't have to worry
Question: Am I "cheating the system" by opening up a tiny account with a credit union and then immediately applying for a huge loan? Answer: Credit unions require you to
Question: Where do large corporations store their massive amounts of cash? Answer: For tax optimization, cash is stored mostly overseas, according to the New York Times. For Apple, everytime a
Question: Is this Employee Stock Purchase Plan worth it when adding my student loan into the equation? Answer: The closer the contribution is to the December 31st date, the more
Question: Do banks give us interest even for the money that we only had briefly in our account? Answer: It depends on your bank's terms (which may in turn be
Question: Pros/cons of borrowing money using a mortgage loan and investing it in a low-fee index fund? Answer: Something very similar to this was extremely popular in the UK in
Question: Is it possible, anywhere in the US for a funding firm to not have a license number showing somewhere? Answer: Well, these can range from loan broker to outright
Question: "Inflation actually causes people not to spend" could it be true? Answer: Not always. You always consider economic factors in conjunction with each other rather than in isolation, which
Question: May 6, 2010 stock market decline/plunge: Why did it drop 9% in a few minutes? Answer: Part of it was an Oops, but not all of it. There were
Question: What could be the harm in sharing my American Express statements online? Answer: If someone gains access to these data, he could use social engineering approach to impersonate you
Question: What should I be aware of as a young investor? Answer: Don't start by investing in a few individual companies. This is risky. Want an example? I'm thinking of
Question: Unmarried couple buying home, what are the options in our case? Answer: You've laid out several workable options. You might try going to mortgage broker and looking at what
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: There are three possibilities. This is a scam, as others have
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: Before anything, I see that no one mentioned the one thing about 401(k) accounts that's
Question: Are warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam's Club worth it? Answer: Whether or not they are worth it depends entirely on your situation. For my family, they are worth
Question: Does a SIM only cell phone contract help credit rating? Answer: I'm not sure if there are nuances between countries and appreciate your question is specifically about the US,
Question: How could the 14th amendment relate to the US gov't debt ceiling crisis? Answer: Section Four of the amendment reads: The validity of the public debt of the United
Question: Investing in real estate when the stock market is high, investing in stocks when it's low? Answer: The right time to buy real estate is easy to spot. It's
Question: New car price was negotiated as a "cash deal". Will the price change if I finance instead? Answer: So there are a few angles to this. The previous answers
Question: What's a Letter of Credit? Are funds held in my bank for the amount in question? Answer: In a domestic setting, Letters of Credit are often used to build
Question: Can I do periodic rollovers from my low-perfoming 401k to an IRA? Answer: My two-cents, read your plan document or Summary Plan Description. The availability of in-service withdrawals will
Question: If banksimple.com is not a bank, what is it? Answer: Looks more like an idea for a business rather than an actual business -- especially since it hasn't even
Question: Bid-Ask at market open, which comes first? [duplicate] Answer: When you place a limit sell order of $10.00 (for a stock on an option) you are adding your order
Question: Question about MBS and how it pays Answer: A Mortgage Backed Security or MBS is the security. It's not an entity, it's essentially a contract. As an investment they
Question: What are the real risks in "bio-technology" companies? Answer: Be wary of pump and dump schemes. This scheme works like this: When you observe that "From time to time
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: On #1: One way to make it less painful is to "split" your raises between yourself and your 401k. That is, if
Question: Remit money to India from balance transfer of credit card Answer: As Dheer has already told you in his answer, your plan is perfectly legal, and there are no
Question: Pensions, annuities, and "retirement" Answer: An annuity is a product. In simple terms, you hand over a lump sum of cash and receive an agreed annual income until you
Question: Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal? Answer: What happened in the past, the rent you paid last year, is in the past. You shouldn't be concerned
Question: When to hire an investment professional? Answer: Don't invest in regular mutual funds. They are a rip-off. And, most investment professionals will not do much to help your financial
Question: Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest? Answer: good vs "bad" debt in the context of that post.
Question: Where can I find announcements of official GDP figures for the US and other countries? Answer: There are tons of data provided on the CIA - The World Factbook
Question: Do companies only pay dividends if they are in profit? Answer: Yes the company can still pay dividends even if they aren't making a profit. 1) If the firm
Question: One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this? Answer: Hopefully, before you invested in this stock, you evaluated the company. You looked
Question: Will I have to pay taxes for Australia if I have an Australian bank account? Answer: After reviewing the tax treaty between New Zealand and Australia, I think the
Question: What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate? Answer: The big one is to keep you from refinancing it with someone else
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: Actually if you look at a loan for
Question: Is it worth trying to find a better minimum down payment for a first time home buyer? Answer: If you are putting down less than 20% expect to need
Question: Finding out actual items bought via credit card issuer and not the store receipt? Answer: The store keeps track of what you buy. It is all part of their
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: Yes, you could sell what you have and bet
Question: How much more than my mortgage should I charge for rent? Answer: Agree with the previous posts the question is poorly worded. -but- Clark Howard does say you really
Question: Is building a corporation a good option? Answer: Compared with a Sole Proprietorship, the main disadvantages of an S-Corporation or an LLC are that it adds a lot of
Question: Day trading definition Answer: If I buy 10 stocks on Monday and sell the same on Tuesday (different trading day) would I be considered a day trader? No. It
Question: How is not paying off mortgage better in normal circumstances? Answer: In some respects the analysis for this question is similar to comparing a "safe" return on a government
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: If they have borrowed money without paying it back, what makes you think you could get interest paid?
Question: Buy index mutual fund or build my own? Answer: There are only three circumstances where building your own "index" portfolio make sense, in my opinion.
Question: How much should I be contributing to my 401k given my employer's contribution? Answer: Contribute as much as you can. When do you want to retire and how much
Question: Opening a Roth IRA account, what is the fee structure for Vanguard, Scottrade and TIAA-CREF Answer: This answer is somewhat incomplete as I don't have definitive conclusions about some
Question: How does order matching happen in stock exchanges? Answer: To answer your question in its entirety there's more information we need (exchange, session, traded security, order type, etc.). Most
Question: Is investing into real estate a good move for a risk-averse person at the moment Answer: It's always a good move for risk-averse person, expecially in Europe. Because houses
Question: What should a 21 year old do with 60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance? Answer: It's important to consider your Investor Profile when deciding the right kind of vehicle for your
Question: Tax advantages of using 529 plans to save for child's education? Answer: There are several variables to consider. Taxes, fees, returns. Taxes come in two stages. While adding money
Question: A calculator that takes into account portfolio rebalancing? Answer: Note that if 1) The stock prices are continuously differentiable (they aren't) 2) You rebalance continuously in the absence of
Question: How do you compare the sales of a company like Coca Cola against another company like JPMorgan Chase to figure out the best investment opportunity? Answer: The question isn't
Question: Moving from India to Europe - Bank accounts and Mutual funds Answer: Once you become NRI or know for sure you would be one, you can't hold ordinary accounts.
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: Mint.comEasy solution to provide insight into finances. Pros: Cons:
Question: Why do companies award stock as opposed to cash? Answer: There are a few reasons, dependent on the location of the company. The first, as you mentioned is that
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: I've skimmed through the answers given and I'd like do add
Question: Would I ever need credit card if my debit card is issued by MasterCard/Visa? Answer: My view is from the Netherlands, a EU country. Con: Credit cards are more
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Stock price is an indicator about the health of the company. Increased
Question: Investing in low cost index fund  does the timing matter? Answer: If you're worried about investing all at once, you can deploy your starting chunk of cash gradually
Question: Do individual stocks have futures trading Answer: There is indeed a market for single stock futures, and they have been trading on the OneChicago exchange since 2002. Futures are
Question: What determines price fluctuation of groceries Answer: No. Some grocery stores may discount specific products based on inventory to drive sales using "loss leaders" where the product is intentionally
Question: Should I finance a used car or pay cash? Answer: There are several factors here. Firstly, there's opportunity cost, i.e. what you would get with the money elsewhere. If
Question: Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car? Answer: I suggest you buy a more reasonably priced car and keep saving to have
Question: Where can I open a Bank Account in Canadian dollars in the US? Answer: Royal Bank in Canada can open an account for you in the US through RBC
Question: Passing money through a different account to avoid cash pay-in fees Answer: Let me do the math. .6% * (not large) = really tiny. Since "not large" = "small"
Question: How to pay with cash when car shopping? Answer: You could write a personal check after the final price has been set and you're ready to purchase. Another option
Question: I started some small businesses but need help figuring out taxes. Should I hire a CPA? Answer: The only professional designations for people allowed to provide tax advice are
Question: How to shop for mortgage rates ? Answer: Pre-qualification is only a step above what you can do with a rate/payment calculator. They don't check your credit history and
Question: Bank statements - should I retain hardcopies for tax or other official purposes (or keep digital scanned copies)? Answer: In the UK Directgov don't specify anything more than "records",
Question: What does a stock's quoted value represent? Answer: Price for the latest transaction. If the stock is selling for $898.7 means that the stock is currently trading for $898.7,
Question: Long term drip (dividend reinvestment plan) stock Answer: If you sold the stock for a profit, you will owe tax on that profit. Whether it is taxed as short-term
Question: Should I charge my children interest when they borrow money? Answer: This is largely a cultural issue. I would be appalled at the very idea that my parents would
Question: Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate? Answer: Because the federal government won't use the money to buy a car thus generating
Question: Terminology: What are the labels associated with a share called? Answer: If the first one is literally a company name, then 'company name' is fine. However, companies can issue
Question: Earning salary from USA remotely from New Zealand? Answer: Yes. You must register for GST as well, if you will be making over the threshold (currently $60,000). That's probably
Question: How much is an asset producing $X/month is worth? Answer: The simplest way is just to compute how much money you'd have to have invested elsewhere to provide a
Question: How do I research if my student loan company is doing something illegal? Answer: The thing to recall here is that auto-pay is a convenience, not a guarantee. Auto-pay
Question: Should I get cash from credit card at 0% for 8 months and put it on loans? Answer: On the face, this appears a sound method to manage long
Question: Confused about google portfolio chart Answer: You bought 1 share of Google at $67.05 while it has a current trading price of $1204.11. Now, if you bought a widget
Question: Is Pension Benefit Information (aboutmyletter.com) legitimate? Answer: I have no personal knowledge of this company; I've only looked over what I found on the web. Overall, my judgement is
Question: Which student loans to pay off first: Stafford or private? Answer: At the current rates, stated in the question, I would push additional funds towards your Stafford loans as
Question: ISA trading account options for US citizens living in the UK Answer: This sounds like a FATCA issue. I will attempt to explain, but please confirm with your own
Question: Should I Use an Investment Professional? Answer: Let me start with something you might dismiss as trite - Correlation does not mean Causation. A money manager charging say, 1%,
Question: Who buys variable annuities? Answer: I wrote a detailed answer about variable annuities on another question, but I want to include one specific situation where a variable annuity may
Question: Calculating Future and Present value into mortgage comparisons Answer: Using the fact that you'd save $160/mo by spending $7000, I'd look at it this way - If I were
Question: Stock market vs. baseball card trading analogy Answer: The Bobs tend to show up at the top of bubbles, then disappear soon after. For example, your next door neighbor
Question: Better to rent condo to daughter or put her on title? Answer: @Pete B.'s answer is good, but there's an important note to consider for tax purposes. It's too
Question: Asset allocation when retirement is already secure Answer: You will hear a lot about diversifying your portfolio, which typically means having a good mix of investment types, areas of
Question: Is diversification better Answer: Diversification tends to protect you from big losses. But it also tends to "protect" you from big gains. In any industry, some companies provide good
Question: If you buy something and sell it later on the same day, how do you calculate 'investment'? Answer: Nothing wrong with the other answers, but here's a "trick" to
Question: How can Schwab afford to refund all my ATM fees? Answer: Schwab is a highly diversified operation and has a multitude of revenue streams. Schwab obviously thinks it can
Question: What are the tax implications of exercising options early? Answer: The difference is whether your options qualify as incentive stock options (ISOs), or whether they are non-qualifying options. If
Question: How do I notify the IRS of a new member to an LLC? Answer: You don't need to notify the IRS of new members, the IRS doesn't care (at
Question: Definition of equity Answer: The word equity always refers to the ownership of something, whether it be a company or a home. The wikipedia article is differentiating companies by
Question: Why don't share prices of a company rise every other Friday when the company buys shares for its own employees? Answer: This is an old question that has an
Question: Mortgage refinancing fees Answer: tl;dr: I agree with Pete B.'s assertion that you should continue shopping. That's not the whole story though; there are other factors that can raise
Question: How a company can afford to give away so many shares as part of its ESOP Answer: This question is very open ended. But I'll try to answer parts
Question: Abundance of Cash - What should I do? Answer: There's a few different types of investments you could do. As poolie mentioned, you could split your money between the
Question: What can my relatives do to minimize their out of pocket expenses on their fathers estate Answer: Consider contracting with a property management company to lease and maintain the
Question: How long to wait after getting a mortgage to increase my credit limit? Answer: My recommendation is to not ask for a credit increase, but just increase the utilization
Question: How can I calculate interest portion of income when selling a stock? Answer: Their interest expense was $17M. Where you see $5.14/sh in Key Statistics, any daily interest received
Question: Paying for things on credit and immediately paying them off: any help for credit rating? Answer: One of the factors of a credit score is the "length of time
Question: Should I pay off my student loans or keep it in the bank? [duplicate] Answer: Many years ago I heard a multi-level marketing pitch that pointed out how many
Question: Is it advisable to go for an auto loan if I can make the full payment for a new car? Answer: There needs to be more numbers with your
Question: How do you declare an interest free loan? Answer: In principle, the US taxes both income and gifts. Simply thinking good thoughts is not necessarily sufficient to avoid filing
Question: What Did Benjamin Graham Mean by Earnings Stability in The Intelligent Investor? Answer: Please note that the following Graham Rating below corresponds to five years: Earnings Stability (100% 
Question: Optimal balence of 401K and charitable savings Answer: Two things I would recommend doing: I would save a minimum of 15% into retirement. By young I will assume that
Question: How Long Can It Take For a Check I Write to Clear on My Account? Answer: According to this Q&A by a Houston law professor: The law, however, is
Question: How to Explain "efficient frontier" to child? Answer: I would let them get their hands dirty, learn by practicing. Below you can find a simple program to generate your
Question: Why are some long term investors so concerned about their entry price? Answer: It has got to do with the irrationality of humans. The so called long term investor
Question: Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets? Answer: From my 15 years of experience, no technical indicator actually ever works. Those teaching technical indicators are
Question: Do you know of any online monetary systems? Answer: Edit: I discovered Bitcoin a few months after I posted this answer. I would strongly recommend anyone interested in this
Question: Home Renovations are expensive.. Should I only pay cash for them? Answer: I know that both Lowes and Home Depot (in Canada at least) will offer a 6 month
Question: Can you explain why these items are considered negatives on my credit report? Answer: I'm going to give the succinct, plain language version of the answers: 1. Your oldest
Question: What am I actually buying when trading in CFDs Answer: The product itself is a derivative as it derives its value from another stock or commodity. It's similar to
Question: What are some good books for learning stocks, bonds, derivatives e.t.c for beginner with a math background? Answer: My personal favorites are Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives by John
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: It's all about the land value. The structure is only ever worth as much as it would cost
Question: Lump sum annuity distribution  do I owe estate tax? Answer: If you are the beneficiary of an annuity, you might receive a single-sum distribution when the annuity owner
Question: Freelancing Tax implication Answer: If you have income in the US, you will owe US income tax on it, unless there is a treaty with your country that says
Question: Would it make sense to take a loan from a relative to pay off student loans? Answer: Personally, I avoid making business deals with friends and relatives. There's just
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: it's not a scam. it's not even too good to be true. frankly it's the lowest sign up
Question: Pros and Cons of Interest Only Loans Answer: The advantage of interest only mortgages is that they can increase your cashflow as you are only paying the interest and
Question: Shouldn't a Roth IRA accumulate more than 1 cent of interest per month? Answer: The term 'interest' tends to be used loosely when discussing valuation of stocks. Especially when
Question: how derivatives transfer risk from one entity to another Answer: The important thing to realize is, what would you do, if you didn't have the call? If you didn't
Question: Is there such a thing as a deposit-only bank account? Answer: Do you write checks? You are giving your bank account and routing number to anybody you have ever
Question: Shorting Stocks And Margin Account Minimum Answer: And what exactly do I profit from the short? I understand it is the difference in the value of the stock. So
Question: Is it wise to invest in a stock with a large Div yield? Answer: BHP Billiton has room to answer doubters as commodities rout batters debt notes in part:
Question: How to invest in a specific market without investing in a specific company? Answer: You need to hope that a fund exists targeting the particular market segment you are
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: Remember where they said "Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness? That is the essence of this problem.
Question: Is there such a thing as "stock insurance"? Answer: Not that I am aware. If you are trying to mitigate losses from stock purchases, you may want to consider
Question: What is a Master Limited Partnership (MLP) & how is it different from plain stock? Answer: I was hesitant to answer this question since I don't own MLP even
Question: Keeping our current home (second property) as a rental. Will it interfere with purchasing a third home? Answer: There's a couple issues to consider: When you sell your primary
Question: In what state should I register my web-based LLC? Answer: I have researched this question extensively in previous years as we have notoriously high taxes in California, while neighboring
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: One of the reasons is also general distrust to
Question: Take car loan out of mortgage to improve equity Answer: I guess I don't understand how you figure that taking out a car loan for $20k will result in
Question: In what category would I put a loan I took to pay an expense Answer: A loan is most generally a liability, a part of the balance sheet. Expenses
Question: What is the median retirement savings in the United States today? Answer: I find this very hard to believe Believe it. The bottom quarter of American households have negative
Question: Investing in hemp producers in advance of possible legalization in Canada? Answer: It is such a touchy subject for many people, I have to say that simple "set it
Question: Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year's tax bill? Answer: If you expect your taxes to be higher next year, it saves you the trouble
Question: Are underlying assets supposed to be sold/bought immediately after being bought/sold in call/put option? Answer: No, if you are trading options to profit solely off the option and not
Question: What can my relatives do to minimize their out of pocket expenses on their fathers estate Answer: Sure, it's irresponsible for an executor to take actions which endanger the
Question: Is it wise for an independent contractor to avoid corporation tax by planning to only break even each year? Answer: First, point: The CRA wants you to start a
Question: Starting with Stocks or Forex? Answer: I took a course in forex trading for 3 months. I also studied financial markets in the Uni. I have been saving in
Question: How can I spend less? Answer: Try having money automatically deducted from your paycheck and put into a retirement account or savings account. As long as you don't have
Question: German stock exchange, ETR vs FRA Answer: I still can't understand why there is a price discrepancancy. There isn't. It's the same stock and price differences between such major
Question: I'm upside down on my car loan and need a different car, what can I do? Answer: For the future: NEVER buy a car based on the payment. When
Question: Putting borrowed money into an SIPP Answer: You're creating more liabilities for yourself in the future, although yes this could definitely be a profitable move for you. However, some
Question: What is the theory behind Rick Van Ness's risk calculation in the video about diversification? Answer: The calculation and theory are explained in the other answers, but it should
Question: What is the best way to invest in gold as a hedge against inflation without having to hold physical gold? Answer: GLD, IAU, and SGOL are three different ETF's
Question: Why do 1099 forms take so long for brokerages to prepare and send out? Answer: There are probably many correct answers to this question, but for most people, the
Question: W2 vs 1099 Employee status Answer: In general that's illegal. If you're a W2 employee, you don't miraculously become a 1099 contractor just because they pay you more. If
Question: Looking to buy a house in 1-2 years. Does starting a Roth IRA now make sense? Answer: If you are going to be buying a house in 1-2 years,
Question: standard method for learning more about a specific sector? (particularly biotech sector) Answer: The important piece here is not necessarily understanding intimate details of biological engineering per se, but
Question: Need exit strategy for aging mother who owns aging rental properties, please Answer: I debated whether to put this in an answer or a comment, because I'm not sure
Question: Is a naked put really that risky Answer: So, yes, you may be having the inevitable epiphany where you realize that options can synthetically replicate the same risk profile
Question: List of Investments from safest to riskiest? Answer: With every caveat that Rick said plus many many more lets have some fun. One common way to measure risk is
Question: Why are prices in EUR for consumer items often the same number as original USD price, but the GBP price applies the actual exchange rate? Answer: It's mostly VAT
Question: What are the disadvantages to borrowing money for energy conservation measures / solar panels? Answer: Depending on the details of your solar panel setup, the monthly savings may change
Question: When to use geometric vs. arithmetic mean? Why is the former better for percentages? Answer: Simple. Say in 2012 you were up 50% (brilliant) but then in 2013 you
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: I've thought of the following ways to hedge against a collapsing dollar:
Question: How common is "pass-through" health insurance? Answer: Even though this isn't really personal finance related I still feel like there are some misconceptions here that could be addressed. I
Question: Why is gold not a good investment? Answer: If you buy a gold brick and put it in a pillow, after one year you still have one gold brick.
Question: What is this type of risk-free investment called? Answer: This is what is called a Structured Product. The linked page gives an overview of the relative pros and cons.
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: You could setup a Ally account to use solely for this. There is no minimum, no opening balance requirement, and you
Question: Is there a limit on the dollar amount of a personal check? Answer: Not really. A bank will honor a million dollar check if there are funds there to
Question: 401k compound interest vs other compound interest Answer: Growth in a 401k dodges taxes, which means more of the gains get reinvested. Effectively, it's a boosted return rate. Like
Question: How much money should I lock up in my savings account? Answer: Edited answer, given that I didn't address the emergency fund aspect originally: None. You've said you don't
Question: For a car loan, how much should I get preapproved for? Answer: they will pull your credit report and perform a "hard inquiry" on your file. This means the
Question: Does a budget comprise expenses, and/or revenue? Answer: Budget means both expenses and revenue. In quite a few cases, say personal finance, typically one refers to budget more from
Question: Should I pay off my student loans or keep it in the bank? [duplicate] Answer: Basically you have 4 options: Use your cash to pay off the student loans.
Question: Where can I place my savings in to limit my exposure to the risk of European bank failures and sovereign debt defaults? Answer: You're talking about money in a
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: Rent the property?? Is that a possible solution? Since selling the house
Question: Can I withdraw cash from selling investments before the settlement date? Answer: Depends on your account. If you have a margin account, then you can "withdraw" the margin, and
Question: Excessive Credit Check from Comcast Answer: In general, it is unusual for a credit check to occur when you are terminating a contract, since you are no longer requesting
Question: Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan? Answer: You are really showing some wisdom here, and congratulations on finishing college. Its a lot about likelihoods. If
Question: Can a CEO short his own company? Answer: It seems also on some international markets this is allowed. http://www.businessinsider.com/li-hejun-shorting-hanergy-2015-5
Question: Salary equivalency: London vs Berlin Answer: Coming to London at this point of time is not a wise decision, not that I mean to discourage you. The job market
Question: Paying off student loan or using that money for a downpayment on a house Answer: Yes, one is certainly better than the other. Which one depends on your priorities
Question: Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns? Answer: The points given by DumbCoder are very valid. Diversifying portfolio
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: The best way to stop wasting food is to create a weekly plan. Every weekend, before making your grocery shopping, take 30-60
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: As many other posters have pointed out, unless you know (and
Question: I have a 2008 HHR under finance it needs a new engine Answer: I'm leaning more towards trading it in can anyone give me some pointers on how to
Question: What scrutiny to expect if making large purchase with physical cash? [duplicate] Answer: http://www.consumerismcommentary.com/buying-house-with-cash/ It looks like you can, but it's a bad idea because you lack protection of
Question: I have a loan with a 6.5% interest rate. Should I divert money into my 401(k) instead of prepaying? Answer: The long term growth is not 6.5%, it's 10%
Question: Fractional Reserve Banking and Insolvency Answer: Your question points out how most fractional reserve banks are only a couple of defaults away from insolvency. The problem arises because of
Question: What is value investing? What are the key principles of value investing? Answer: Value investing is an investment approach that relies on buying securities below their intrinsic values. There
Question: What does it mean when my Money Market account lists both a dividend share and an APY? Answer: In a money market fund, one share is worth $1. For
Question: How does one determine the width of a candlestick bar? Answer: There's no rule of thumb but the purpose of candlesticks of any kind (fixed, volume weighted etc.) is
Question: What is the "point" (purpose) of the S&P 500? Answer: I hate to point to Wikipedia as an answer, but it does describe exactly what you are looking for...
Question: How does delta of an option change with time if underlying price is constant? Answer: So, this isn't always the case, but in the example provided the option is
Question: How to compare the value of a Masters to the cost? Answer: I wasn't 100% on which columns of the scale you were referring to, but think I captured
Question: How does a limit order work for a credit spread? Answer: As you probably know, a credit spread involves buying a call (or put) at one strike and selling
Question: Pros & cons of investing in gold vs. platinum? Answer: Why Investors Buy Platinum is an old (1995) article but still interesting to understand the answer to your question.
Question: In what cases can a business refuse to take cash? Answer: You have to take legal tender to settle a debt. If your business model doesn't involve the customer
Question: If you buy something and sell it later on the same day, how do you calculate 'investment'? Answer: Another way to look at this is if we separate the
Question: If I want a Credit Card offered through a different Credit Union should I slowly transition my banking to that CU? Answer: I don't have an account with either
Question: Can I use a different HSA than PayFlex that came with aetna? Answer: You can ask your employer for anything that you want. However, most employers, if they are
Question: What are the costs to establish an LLC and to maintain it? Answer: I'll answer in general terms, since I'm not familiar with the price ranges in Florida. The
Question: What's are the differences between "defined contribution" and "defined benefit" pension plans? Answer: Defined Benefit - the benefit you receive when you retire is defined e.g. $500 a month
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: Whether you do decide to go with a tax advisor or not, be
Question: How is not paying off mortgage better in normal circumstances? Answer: Certainly there are people who do pay off their homes. Others do not. It's a question of risk
Question: Should I invest in the pre-IPO company stock offered by my employer? Answer: Should I invest money in the pre-IPO stocks soon to be offered by the company that
Question: What is a good service that will allow me to practice options trading with a pretend-money account? Answer: Try ThinkOrSwim by TDAmeritrade. It allows you to paper trade with
Question: What is the cause of sudden price spikes in the FOREX market? Answer: It depends on the currency pair since it is much harder to move a liquid market
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: The core competency of banks is to lend
Question: Is there such thing as a Checking account requiring pre-approval / white-list? Answer: The account you are looking for is called a "Positive Pay" account. It generally is only
Question: How do I pick the right company for investing services? Answer: Traditional brokers There are tons of players in this market, especially in USA. You have traditional brokers, brokers
Question: What is a good rental yield? Answer: I've never heard of rent quoted per week. Are you in the US? In general, after the down payment, one would hope
Question: What would I miss out on by self insuring my car? Answer: Here's what you do without, on the negative side, just for balance: A bill: When I last
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: Plus, there's
Question: Is it sensible to keep savings in a foreign currency? Answer: would you say it's advisable to keep some of cash savings in a foreign currency? This is primarily
Question: When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency? Answer: Not anytime soon, I suspect, but not necessarily for financial reasons. I found this interesting, including
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: This may sound a little crazy but I would take $5K of that money and buy whiskey with it
Question: How does spot-futures arbitrage work in the gold market? Answer: You're missing the cost-of-carry aspect: The cost of carry or carrying charge is the cost of storing a physical
Question: What is the rationale behind brokerages establishing tiers/levels for options trading? Answer: The different levels are somewhat related to levels of risk. Writing a covered call is pretty low
Question: Can someone help me understand my student loans? Answer: Paying the minimum balance on a loan can be DEVASTATING and is highly UN-RECOMMENDED. It is important you understand your
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: DO NOT buy this car. First, I want to say I love BMW's. There's a reason why they call them "ultimate
Question: Confused about employee stock options: How do I afford these? Answer: ISOs (incentive stock options) can be closed out in a cashless transaction. Say the first round vests, 25,000
Question: Turning 30 and making the right decision with my savings and purchasing home Answer: I love the idea of #1, keep that going. I don't think #2 is very
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: My advice to you is not to take any advice from anyone when
Question: super confused about bid and ask size. help Answer: yes you are right as per my understanding while doing trade you must consider fol (specially for starters like me)
Question: Are there common stock price trends related to employee option plans? Answer: Whenever a large number of shares to be sold hit the market at the same time the
Question: How to execute a large stock purchase, relative to the order book? Answer: I am able to place an 'all or none' order with my broker. But doing so
Question: Settlement of Shares Underlying a Covered Call Option Answer: It's a covered call. When I want to create a covered call position, I don't need to wait before the
Question: Buying a home with down payment from family as a "loan" Answer: In effect, you are paying for 70% of the house but he gets half the gain. On
Question: What are the alternatives to compound interest for a Muslim? Answer: My understanding of Muslim finance is that you may not lend money at interest, including investing in in
Question: Professional investment planning for small net-worth individual in bearish market Answer: There is no magic bullet here. If you want professional management, because you think they know more about
Question: Intro to Investment options for a Canadian Answer: I got started by reading the following two books: You could probably get by with just the first of those two.
Question: Cash flow implications of converting primary mortgaged residence to rental Answer: You are assuming 100% occupancy and 100% rent collection. This is unrealistic. You could get lucky and find
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: If you look at S&P 500's closing price for the first trading day on December and January
Question: Why do some expiration dates have more open interest for options? Answer: The third Friday of each month is an expiration for the monthly options on each stock. Stock
Question: Are stocks suitable for mid term money storage? Answer: The volatility of an index fund should usually be a lot lower than that of an individual stock. However even
Question: Deductible expenses paid with credit card: In which tax year would they fall? Answer: Assuming that it's not inventory that is sold in the following year or a depreciable
Question: What does a CFP do? Answer: CFP stands for "Certified Financial Planner", and is a certification administered by the CFP board (a non-government non-profit entity). This has nothing to
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: Think about it. IF you save $15K by buying a Honda or a Mazda, you can invest those money at modest
Question: Looking at Options Liquidity: what makes some stocks so attractive for options traders? Answer: Option liquidity and underlying liquidity tend to go hand in hand. According to regulation, what
Question: Who can truly afford luxury cars? Answer: Not a direct answer, but... a friend pointed out to me that z proper luxury limo, if loaded with four sales reps
Question: What to do with $50,000? Answer: Considered a down payment on a house? Some illiquid assets? Otherwise you are doing 'responsible' get rich slow (read: get rich old) type
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Mathematically speaking there would be a point where the expected value EV of purchasing every
Question: World Indexes - Variance between representation of a country's stocks and the country's proportion of world GDP Answer: Stock market indexes are generally based on market capitalization, which is
Question: Why was my Credit Limit Increase Denied? Answer: The bottom line is that you are kind of a terrible customer for them. Granted you are far better than one
Question: How to compute for losses in an upside down trade-in of a financed car? Answer: I think you are making this more complicated that it has to be. In
Question: UK Contractor with Limited Company Answer: I know a guy on a much higher rate than me, about 500 per day, and he claims to pay around 18% tax
Question: Is CLM a stock or an ETF? Answer: I find the reg, at last. https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?company=Cornerstone+Strategic+Value+Fund&owner=exclude&action=getcompany Yes, its a common stock.
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: Be aware that ATM withdrawals often generate hidden fees, which are not obviously declared. Many banks operate
Question: PayPal wants me to "add a bank account", another funding source. Credit card isn't working. Why? Answer: I'm guessing that you've reached the value limit of a payment that
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: Holding pure cash is a problem for 401K companies because they would then have follow banking rules
Question: Tax Allocation - Business Asset Transfer Answer: And my CPA is saying no way, it will cost me many thousands in taxes and doesn't make any sense. I'd think
Question: ACH processing time of day Answer: It depends on the bank and network. Banks are to provide outgoing data at the certain time for the processing by the central
Question: When the market price for a stock is below a tender offer's price, is it free money (riskless) to buy shares & tender them? Answer: It is not a
Question: Are there any issues with registering an LLC in a foreign state? Answer: This is an older question but I thought I'd give the correct response for anyone else
Question: Should I wait to save up 20% downpayment on a 500k condo? Answer: I'm of the belief that you should always put 20% down. The lower interest rate will
Question: What is a trade exchange and are they reputable or not? Answer: I think this is off topic, but here is a stab: So these are cashless. It could
Question: Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC? Answer: This sounds very like disguised employment. You act like an employee of the company, but your official
Question: What are the risks & rewards of being a self-employed independent contractor / consultant vs. being a permanent employee? Answer: In the current economy there is no upside to
Question: What should I do with the stock from my Employee Stock Purchase Plan? Answer: Judge this stock no differently than any other is the answer. Optimism isn't fact. http://clarkhoward.com/liveweb/shownotes/2007/06/06/12304/?printer=1
Question: Did my salesman damage my credit? What can I do? Answer: You can sue them for damages. It would be hard to convince the court that the drop in
Question: For a car, would you pay cash, finance for 0.9% or lease for 0.9%? Answer: While this question is old and I generally agree with the answers given I
Question: How can I improve my auto insurance score? Answer: Auto Insurance score is in no way related to your driving habits, instead it is based on your credit usage.
Question: Effect of country default on house prices? Answer: It could be a a way to preserve the value of your money, but depends upon various factors. If a country
Question: How do I deal with a mistaken attempt to collect a debt from me that is owed by someone else? Answer: Do not provide any personal information. If the
Question: Recording of personal property contribution to S-Corp in QuickBooks Answer: One approach would be to create Journal Entries that debit asset accounts that are associated with these items and
Question: Why does a stock price drop as soon an I purchase several thousand shares at market price? Answer: Any time a large order it placed for Buy, the sell
Question: How is an ETF's NAV determined? Answer: An ETF manager will only allow certain financial organisations to create and redeem ETF shares. These are called Authorised Participants (APs). The
Question: See list of stock trades for day Answer: You can see all the (millions) of trades per day for a US stock only if you purchase that data from
Question: Insurance broker - Online vs. physical location? Answer: Traditional insurance agent guy here. There is no right answer in my opinion because your individual needs cannot be generalized. There
Question: Investment strategies for young adults with entrepreneurial leanings? Answer: I talk about this subject on my blog on investing, I share everything that has worked for me personally and
Question: Value of a collateralized asset Answer: You're not missing any concepts! It sounds like you are contributing a piece of collateral to the business, and you want to know
Question: Is 401k as good as it sounds given the way it is taxed? Answer: Don't forget inflation. With a Roth 401k (or IRA), you don't pay any taxes on
Question: Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry Answer: NL7 is right and his B-S reference, a good one. Time decay happens to occur in
Question: If I have no exemptions or deductions, just a simple paycheck, do I HAVE to file taxes? Answer: You are not required to file a tax return in Canada
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: You don't mention what kind of insurance you're talking about, but I'll just address one angle on the question. For some kinds of insurance, such
Question: What options are available for a home loan with poor credit but a good rental history? Answer: Why not just do an FHA loan? The minimum credit score is
Question: How can I save on closing costs when buying a home? Answer: Good answers here. I would like to add one more (less obvious) way to save - look
Question: Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt? Answer: No, it makes no sense. The US national debt is different from other debt
Question: Saving/ Investing a lump sum Answer: In my mind, when looking at a five year period you have a number of options. You didn't specify where you are based,
Question: 401(k) not fully vested at time of acquisition Answer: Unfortunately, the money that is not vested is not yours. It belongs to your employer. They have promised to give
Question: Why aren't bond mutual funds seeing huge selloffs now? Answer: Since 1971, mortgage interest rates have never been more than .25% below current rates (3.6%). Even restricting just to
Question: Which banks have cash-deposit machines in Germany? Answer: In my experience Sparkasse or VR Bank have them quite often. They stick out in my mind because when you make
Question: Should I stockpile nickels? Answer: The question I think is not: "What is a certain material worth in a coin" but "What is a certain material worth in a
Question: Pay down the student loan, or buy the car with cash? Answer: To directly answer your question, the best choice is to pay cash and place the rest on
Question: Why do shareholders participate in shorting stocks? Answer: When I have stock at my brokerage account, the title is in street name - the brokerage's name and the quantity
Question: Legality of facilitating currency exchange between private accounts Answer: Disclaimer: it's hard to be definitive as there may be some law or tax rule I'm not aware of. From
Question: For a mortgage down-payment, what percentage is sensible? Answer: I am currently in the process of purchasing a house. I am only putting 5% down. I see that some
Question: Do I need to be proactive about telling the tax man (HMRC) I earn more than the child benefit threshold? Answer: unregister for child benefit but apparently If I
Question: Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive? Answer: You are omitting how the company made 120 million in the previous
Question: Why is it rational to pay out a dividend? Answer: Actually, share holder value is is better maximised by borrowing, and paying dividends is fairly irrelevant but a natural
Question: Should I put more money down on one property and pay it off sooner or hold on to the cash? Answer: I'm a little confused on the use of
Question: Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement? Answer: The question regarding your snapshot is fine, but the real question is what are you
Question: What to do with an old building to get money Answer: There are a few ways to get money from property, but I'm not sure any would work for
Question: Buy index mutual fund or build my own? Answer: Go with a Vanguard ETF. I had a lengthy discussion with a successful broker who runs a firm in Chicago.
Question: How to plan in a budget for those less frequent but mid-range expensive buys? Answer: You would simply plan for misc. expenses in your budget, and allocate a small
Question: Is it really possible to get rich in only a few years by investing? Answer: You are probably right that using a traditional buy and hold strategy on common
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: The initial story sounds normal. Happens every day. Checksums cannot prevent
Question: What does it mean for a company to have its market cap larger than the market size? Answer: First read mhoran's answer, Then this - If the company sold
Question: Electric car lease or buy? Answer: Electric does make a difference when considering whether to lease or buy. The make/model is something to consider. The state you live in
Question: First time homeowner and getting a mortgage? Answer: First of all, think of anyone you know in your circle locally who may have gotten a mortgage recently. Ask him,
Question: Why are credit cards preferred in the US? Answer: The real reason credit cards are so popular in the US is that Americans are lazy and broke, and the
Question: Does a stay at home mom need term life insurance? Answer: The way to think about this is: what would happen to the family if stay-at-home Mom were to
Question: Sanity check on choosing the term for a mortgage refinance Answer: Have you looked at conventional financing rather than VA? VA loans are not a great deal. Conventional tends
Question: How much cash on hand should one have? Answer: There are two or three issues here. One is, how quickly can you get cash out of your investments? If
Question: What is the Blue Line in these stock Charts? Answer: The curved lines (on my screen orange, yellow and pink) are simple moving averages. The fuchsia and blue straight
Question: Can a entrepreneur hire a self-employed business owner? Answer: Yes. I can by all means start my own company and name myself CEO. If Bill Gates wanted to hire
Question: How do I buy bundled insurance policies? Answer: You have 3 companies now that you work with. I would start there. Ask one of them to show you what
Question: Diversification reduces risk, but does this base on the assumption that expected return of each asset is always in proportion to its risk? Answer: Diversifying your portfolio between asset
Question: Is there any benefit to investing in an index fund? Answer: Why not figure out the % composition of the index and invest in the participating securities directly? This
Question: What is the big deal about the chinese remnibi trading hub that opened in toronto Answer: Chinese suppliers can quote their price in CNY rather than USD (as has
Question: I want to invest in a U.S.-based company with unquoted stocks, but I am a foreigner. How to do this? Answer: The recommendation is not to make the investment.
Question: Are there Investable Real Estate Indices which track Geographical Locations? Answer: Not to my knowledge. Often the specific location is diversified out of the fund because each major building
Question: Is debt almost always the cause of crashes and recessions? Answer: A lack of trust in the regulator can also stop everyone trading. If you dont believe the bank
Question: Can you explain why these items are considered negatives on my credit report? Answer: Creditworthiness is proven over time. The longer your track record of making payments on time,
Question: What suggested supplemental income opportunities exist for a 70 year old Canadian retiree? Answer: My initial thoughts would be an ESL teacher or a private tutor for various subjects
Question: Free brokerage vs paid - pros and cons Answer: Unless you're an active trader, 30 trades per month is a number you'll probably never hit, so you might as
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: So many answers here are missing the mark. I have a $100k mortgage--because that isn't
Question: Risk tolerance as I age Answer: You say you have 90% in stocks. I'll assume that you have the other 10% in bonds. For the sake of simplicity, I'll
Question: Comparing the present value of total payment today and partial payments over 3 months Answer: Its kind of a dumb question because no one believes that you can earn
Question: Why would a company with a bad balance sheet be paying dividends? Answer: One reason a company might choose to pay a dividend is because of the desire of
Question: How to donate to charity that will make a difference? Answer: OP wants to do something very honourable, applause for that. Being a Greek I have insider knowledge about
Question: If gold's price implodes then what goes up? Answer: Nothing necessarily has to "benefit." Right now, what primarily drives demand for gold is its perceived use as a hedge
Question: Are Forex traders forced to use leverage? Answer: It isn't that the companies force traders, it is more the other way around. Traders wouldn't trade without margin. The main
Question: When are equal-weighted index funds / ETFs preferable to market-cap-weighted funds? Answer: In market cap weighted index there is fairly heavy concentration in the largest stocks. The top 10
Question: What happens to options if a company is acquired / bought out? Answer: When the buyout happens, the $30 strike is worth $10, as it's in the money, you
Question: Converting bank statements to another currency? Answer: If the account is not dollar-denominated, I would say it does not make sense at all to have dollar-denominated statements. Such a
Question: Currently sole owner of a property. My girlfriend is looking to move in with me and is offering to pay 'rent'. Am I at risk here? Answer: I have
Question: USA H1B Employee - Capital gains in India from selling selling stocks Answer: My tax preparing agent is suggesting that since the stock brokers in India does not have
Question: Capital Gains Tax - Does this apply only to the actual "gains" or to the entire amount of my sale? Answer: You normally only pay taxes on the difference
Question: Is it bad practice to invest in stocks that fluctuate by single points throughout the day? Answer: The strategy has intrinsic value, which may or may not be obstructed
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: This answer is based on Australian tax, which is significantly different. I only offer it in case others
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: I suggest you to test AlauxSoft Accounts and Budget. This software is a money-like. There
Question: Is it ever logical to not deposit to a matched 401(k) account? Answer: One situation where it would be prudent not to contribute would be if expenses are so
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Ride a bicycle or walk for short trips (< 5mi10mi, depending on your level of comfort). Nothing
Question: Is there a good book that talks about all the type of products to invest? Answer: There is no magical book that talks about the thousands of investment instrument
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: It's going to depend entirely on your tax situation, its complexity, and your
Question: How do I use investments to lower my taxes [US]? Answer: Probably the biggest tax-deferment available to US workers is through employee-sponsored investment plans like the 401k. If you
Question: Paying off loans early, or is there some way to reduce extortionate interest charges? Answer: My husband made a similar car loan decision when he was younger and didn't
Question: Was this a good deal on a mortgage? Answer: That seems a very bad offer, it borders on fraud. In the current US economy, you should be able to
Question: As an employer, how do I start a 401k or traditional IRA plan? Answer: OK, so first of all, employers don't set up IRAs. IRA stands for Individual Retirement
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: OK, there is no way in hell that a stranger should
Question: Why call option price increases with higher volatility Answer: I agree that high volatility just means the underlying stock price fluctuates more, and it does not imply if the
Question: Relocating for first real job out of college? Answer: Source: I'm recently (2 years) out of college (Info Sciences + Technology degree) Disclaimer: Speaking from limited personal experience (see
Question: Why pay for end-of-day historical prices? Answer: There are several reasons to pay for data instead of using Yahoo Finance, although these reasons don't necessarily apply to you if
Question: Getting over that financial unease? Budgeting advice Answer: Put your budget down on paper/spreadsheet/tool of choice (e.g Mint, YNAB, Excel). Track every cent for a few months. Seeing it
Question: I might use a credit card convenience check. What should I consider? Answer: Well, you might take a minor hit to your credit score. This is snapshot of my
Question: Should I Pay Off my Student Loan Debts First or Invest in an Index Fund? Answer: Pay off the debt first. Life circumstances change without notice, and starting any
Question: Primerica: All it claims to be? Answer: Probably not, though there are a few things to be said for understanding what you are doing here. Primerica acts as an
Question: I made an investment with a company that contacted me, was it safe? Answer: My personal experience tells me that nearly 100% of people who approach you have their
Question: What is the Blue Line in these stock Charts? Answer: My guess is that both the blue and pinkish lines are hand drawn by someone. The blue line indicates
Question: Did I get screwed in taxes on a mutual fund dividend payment? Answer: No, not screwed. This is just an artifact of the tax code and year end dividends.
Question: How does a bank make money on an interest free secured loan? Answer: Generally speaking, an interest-free loan will be tied to a specific purchase, and the lender will
Question: Algorithmic trading in linux using python Answer: You can have a look at betabrokers. It's an simulated stock trading platform which is entirely email-based. You start with 10 000$
Question: What is the ticker symbol of the mini Google stock? Answer: Google will be issuing Class C shares (under the ticker symbol GOOCV) to current GOOG holders in the
Question: Why the need for human brokers while there are computers? Answer: There are still human brokers on the floor primarily due to tradition. Their numbers have certainly dwindled, however,
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: Two reasons: Many people make lots of financial decisions (and other kinds of decisions) without actually running any
Question: Effect of country default on house prices? Answer: Some of the factors that will act on house prices are: There will likely be a recession in that country, which
Question: T-mobile stock: difference between TMUSP vs TMUS Answer: The difference between TMUSP and TMUS is that the "with P" ticker is for a TMobile Preferred Stock offering. The "without
Question: Optimize return of dividends based on payout per share Answer: The term you're looking for is yield (though it's defined the other way around from your "payout efficiency", as
Question: When a stock price rises, does the company get more money? Answer: No. Not directly. A company issues stock in order to raise capital for building its business. Once
Question: Does the IRS reprieve those who have to commute for work? Answer: You cannot deduct expenses directly. However, your employer may participate in programs to allow you to make
Question: Why is "cheque cashing" a legitimate business? Answer: This answer is based on my understanding of the US banking system. We have check cashing businesses here too, which are
Question: What does this statement regarding put options mean? Answer: The trader has purchased 1095 options, each of which is a contract which entitles him to sell 100 shares of
Question: Transfer $70k from Wells Fargo (US) to my other account at a Credit Union bank Answer: Yes, you can do this. I do this for my own single-member LLC,
Question: What is the formula for the Tesla Finance calculation? Answer: From here The formula is M = P * ( J / (1 - (1 + J)^ -N)). M:
Question: What is the difference between a bad/bounced check and insufficient funds? Answer: There is no difference they are both insufficient in 1 form or another.Bad slang for any check
Question: Consequences of not closing an open short sell position? Answer: You would generally have to pay interest for everyday you hold the position overnight. If you never close the
Question: Question about being a resident Answer: This sort of involves personal finance, and sort of not. But it's an interesting question, so let's call it on topic? Short answer:
Question: Will the ex-homeowner still owe money after a foreclosure? Answer: It is in the bank's interest to sell the property for as much as they can (although it is
Question: If you want to trade an equity that reflects changes in VIX, what is a good proxy for it? Answer: If you want to trade to gain from short-term
Question: Why did the stock chart for Facebook's first trading day show an initial price of $42 when the IPO price was $38? Answer: The IPO price is set between
Question: How does a tax exemption for an action = penalty for inaction? Answer: There's a significant difference between "discount" and "surcharge". For starters - legal difference. If you have
Question: For net worth, should I value physical property at my cost to replace it, or the amount I could get for selling it? Answer: Valuation by definition is what
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: KMyMoney Pros: Cons:
Question: what is the best way of investment which gives returns forever? Answer: What is the best way that I can invest money so that I can always get returns?
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: One of the other things you could do to improve your score would
Question: What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A "sunk gain"? Answer: liquid asset A sunk cost may turn out to be a loss or it may make you
Question: How do you translate a per year salary into a part-time per hour job? Answer: All things being equal, a $55,000/year job with 25% benefit load is about $68,750/year.
Question: Can I get a dividend "free lunch" by buying a stock just before the ex-dividend date and selling it immediately after? [duplicate] Answer: Not minutes, but hours. The "ex-dividend"
Question: Can I take money from my employee stock and put it towards another stock? Answer: The question is for your HR department, or administrator of the plan. How long
Question: Loan for car buy "cash" (third party) or bank loan Answer: The car dealership doesn't care where you get the cash; they care about it becoming their money immediately
Question: Can't the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud? Answer: I was a victim of this. I'm not sure who got my routing and account number
Question: Can I get a dividend "free lunch" by buying a stock just before the ex-dividend date and selling it immediately after? [duplicate] Answer: There are indeed various strategies to
Question: When trading put options, is your total risk decreased if you are in a position to exercise the option? Answer: The risk situation of the put option is the
Question: Selling an app, sharing income, how does it work tax-wise? Answer: There are a few different ways to organize this, but mostly I think you need to talk to
Question: Are stores that offer military discounts compensated by the government? Answer: Nope, only base commissaries or BX/PX's are subsidized. The rest is just done for goodwill/marketing purposes.
Question: What actions should I be taking to establish good credit scores for my children? Answer: You really can't. Credit rating is determined by financial history, and until your kids
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: One thing that has not been pointed out as a disadvantage of using Credit Cards: people tend to spend more. You
Question: Effect of Quantitative Easing on Price of Bonds Answer: The classic definition of inflation is "too much money chasing too few goods." Low rates and QE were intended to
Question: What are the marks of poor investment advice? Answer: (1) I think the phrase "Variable Annuity" is a glowing red flag. A corollary to that is that any strategy
Question: What are my tax-advantaged investment options at a university job? Answer: Yes. Two years after your first contribution to the SIMPLE IRA, you can roll it to a traditional
Question: Can you explain the mechanism of money inflation? Answer: I don't think this can be explained in too simple a manner, but I'll try to keep it simple, organized,
Question: Are credit cards not viewed as credit until you miss one payment? Answer: I can't think of any conceivable circumstance in which the banker's advice would be true. (edit:
Question: How do 401k handle rate of return Answer: A 401(k) is an investment just like any other investment. You generally get two types of return lumped into that number,
Question: $200k in an IRA, unallocated. What's the safest investment? Answer: Your funds are in a retirement account. Withdrawals from your IRA will be penalized if you withdraw before you
Question: Side work and managing finances? Answer: I have done similar software work. You do not need an LLC to write off business expenses. The income and expenses go on
Question: Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met? Answer: http://finance.yahoo.com/stock-alerts/stock-watch/add/?.done=/stock-alerts/ You will have to have a yahoo account. If you want to provide an alternative
Question: Investment strategy for a 20 year old with about 30k in bank account Answer: You don't state a long term goal for your finances in your message, but I'm
Question: Does the bid/ask concept exist in dealer markets? Answer: Why would there not be a bid and ask? Dealers make their money in the spread between what they buy
Question: How come I can't sell short certain stocks? My broker says "no shares are available" Answer: In finance, short selling (also known as shorting or going short) is the
Question: Primerica: All it claims to be? Answer: Primerica's primary value proposition is that switching from whole or universal life to term life, and investing the difference is a good
Question: Calculating Future Value: Initial deposit and recurring deposits of a fixed but different Value Answer: But how do I bring the initial deposit into the equation? Basically, you can't.
Question: What's the difference between Buy and Sell price on the stock exchange [duplicate] Answer: This is copying my own answer to another question, but this is definitely relevant for
Question: Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority? Answer: It is one thing to take the advice of some numb-skulls on a web site, it is another
Question: Co- Signed car loan and need to have the other signer relinquish claim to ownership Answer: The key here is the bank, they hold the title to the car
Question: Are cashiers required to check a credit card for a signature in the U.S.? Answer: I'm not sure if they're required to do so, but I have been neglecting
Question: Is the return on investment better with high or low dividends? Answer: Let's say two companies make 5% profit every year. Company A pays 5% dividend every year, but
Question: Can my brother fix his credit? Answer: Well, he could negotiate with the bank to pay off the loan before the foreclosure takes effect. That would obviously cost him
Question: Hypothetical: can taxes ever cause a net loss on otherwise-profitable stocks? Answer: This was the day traders dilemma. You can, on paper, make money doing such trades. But because
Question: How to invest with a low net worth Answer: You might want to consider 'investing' a portion of that money into educating yourself. The payoff might not be as
Question: Good book-keeping software? Answer: You should consider Turbocash. It's a mature open-source project, installed locally (thick client).
Question: What are the tax benefits of a LLC vs a sole proprietorship? Answer: This is going to vary tremendously from country to country (and even from state to state,
Question: Where can I open a Bank Account in Canadian dollars in the US? Answer: Everbank has offered accounts in foreign currencies for a while. https://www.everbank.com/currencies Takes a while to
Question: Borrowing money to buy shares for cashflow? Answer: Don't do it. I would sell one of my investment houses and use the equity to pay down your primary mortgage.
Question: What determines deal price on stock exchange? [duplicate] Answer: Stock prices are set by bidding. In principle, a seller will say, "I want $80." If he can't find anyone
Question: Buying a house, how much should my down payment be? Answer: I'm going to answer your questions out of order. Emergency fund: Depending on how conservative you are and
Question: What is most time-efficient way to track portfolio asset allocation? Answer: I want to mention I've found 2 options for more powerful tools that can be used to manage
Question: How can I invest in US Stocks from outside the US with a credit card instead of a bank account? Answer: You'll have to take cash from your Credit
Question: How can I tell if this internet sales manager is telling me the real "true cost" of a new car to the dealer Answer: I don't buy new cars
Question: Can a Line of Credit be re-financed? Is it like a mortgage, with a term? Answer: HELOCs typically have a 10 year draw and 5 year payback. During the
Question: Is a public company allowed to issue new shares below market price without consulting shareholders? Answer: Shares are partial ownership of the company. A company can issue (not create)
Question: In 2015, why has the price of natural gas been plummeting? Answer: You do not hold leveraged ETF for longer than a few days. You have UGAZ and DGAZ,
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: While I certainly agree with the principle of paying down
Question: Can a dealer keep my deposit (on a non-existant car) if my loan is not approved? Answer: Without the contract it's hard to say for sure, but Consumer Reports
Question: Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund Answer: Other answers are already very good, but I'd like to add one step before taking the advice of
Question: Renting or Buying an House Answer: Some pros and cons to renting vs buying: Some advantages of buying: When you rent, the money you pay is gone. When you
Question: Do I live in a state for tax purposes if my permanent home is in another state? Answer: You're most likely required to file in both for 2013 -
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: In this case, trust the real estate agent; negotiating experience is one of the things you selected them for. Especially
Question: Why are prices in EUR for consumer items often the same number as original USD price, but the GBP price applies the actual exchange rate? Answer: In the EU
Question: How does the value of an asset (valued in two different currencies) change when the exchange rate changes? Answer: It depends on the asset and the magnitude of the
Question: How to learn about doing technical analysis? Any suggested programs or tools that teach it? Answer: A lot of investors prefer to start jumping into tools and figuring out
Question: Which shareholders cause news-driven whole market stock swings? Answer: News-driven investors tend to be very short-term focussed investors. They often trade by using index futures (on the S&P 500
Question: How do I build wealth? Answer: Share options. If you get options on 200,000-worth of a company and then its share price increases five-fold then you make 800,000, which
Question: How did this day trader lose so much? Answer: The day trader in the article was engaging in short selling. Short selling is a technique used to profit when
Question: Effective returns on investment in housing vs other financial instruments Answer: Thinking of personal residence as investment is how we got the bubble and crash in housing prices, and
Question: What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money? Answer: If you don't have the time or interest to manage investments, you need
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: I have a very simple rule. For anything other than trivial purchases (a small fraction of my monthly income), the only final decision
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: There is no such thing as intrinsic value. Gold has value because it is rare and has a market. If
Question: ETF holding shares in itself Answer: Lindsell Train Investment Trust could be different than the "Lindsell Train Limited", the company that runs the fund and thus you are mixing
Question: Making $100,000 USD per month, no idea what to do with it Answer: You want CFP or CFA who is also a fiduciary, meaning that by law they have
Question: Looking for a stock market simulation that's as close to the real thing as possible Answer: Many online brokers have a "virtual" or "paper" trading feature to them. You
Question: Why did the stock chart for Facebook's first trading day show an initial price of $42 when the IPO price was $38? Answer: I'd add, this is actually the
Question: Questioning my Realtor Answer: A mortgage lender will not usually lend more than they could get if they had to repossess the property and sell it to recover their
Question: Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market? Answer: I'd refer you to Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money? The
Question: How to rescue my money from negative interest? Answer: You might want to talk with your financial planner about any or all of the following: as well as Some
Question: What exactly is a "bad," "standard," or "good" annual raise? If I am told a hard percentage and don't get it, should I look elsewhere? Answer: TLDR: You will
Question: Could the loan officer deny me even if I have the money as a first time home buyer? Answer: I've been a mortgage broker for almost 20 years. I
Question: Relationship between liquidity and an efficient market Answer: Liquidity is highly correlated to efficiency primarily because if an asset's price is not sampled during the time of a trade,
Question: What effect would a company delisting from the LSE to move to china have on shareholders? Answer: Source Rule 41 of the AIM Rules sets out the procedure for
Question: Should I switch/rollover my IRA to a Gold IRA at Regal Assets? Answer: Advantages of Gold IRA (regardless of where you're holding it): Disadvantages of Gold IRA: Instead, you
Question: What should I consider when I try to invest my money today for a larger immediate income stream that will secure my retirement? Answer: I don't understand the OP's
Question: Do Banks Cause Inflation? What are other possible causes? Answer: There are several causes of inflation. One is called cost push  that is, if the price of e.g.
Question: I cosigned for a friend who is not paying the payment Answer: Sue the friend. When you win, garnish his wages. It does not have to be by so
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: For your girlfriend (congrats to you both on the coming new baby!), full-time mothers often
Question: Free Historical Commodity Prices in txt? Answer: You can find gold historical prices on the kitco site. See the "View Data" button.
Question: Are there any caveats to withdrawing funds from brokerage? Answer: Assuming a USA taxable account: Withdrawing funds from a brokerage account has nothing to do with taxes. Taxes are
Question: What size "nest egg" should my husband and I have, and by what age? Answer: I would focus first on maxing out your RRSPs (or 401k) each year, and
Question: Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends? Answer: The upvoted answers fail to note that dividends are the only benefit that investors collectively receive from
Question: Can you beat the market by investing in double long ETFs? [duplicate] Answer: Here is a simple example of how daily leverage fails, when applied over periods longer than
Question: At what point is it most advantageous to cease depositing into a 401k? Answer: It's probably advantageous to stop depositing into a 401(k) when one is no longer receiving
Question: How much would it cost me to buy one gold futures contract on Comex? Answer: The lot size is 100 troy ounce. See the contract specification at the same
Question: Accepting personal "donations" (not as a non-profit) Answer: I see two ways you can handle this. Use the gifts for the purpose of creating more free software. This is
Question: Alternatives to Intuit's PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment? Answer: Paytrust seems to be the only game in town. We've changed banks several times over the
Question: What should a 21 year old do with 60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance? Answer: I assume you've no debt - if you do then pay that off. I'd be tempted
Question: A merchant requests that checks be made out to "Cash". Should I be suspicious? Answer: They're hiding income. The IRS is a likely candidate for who they are hiding
Question: How do banks lose money on foreclosures? Answer: Someone has to hand out cash to the seller. Even if no physical money changes hands (and I've bought a house;
Question: Why are capital gains taxed at a lower rate than normal income? Answer: Were capital gains taxes not lower, companies would have an incentive to minimize the portion of
Question: Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance? Answer: You have a high risk tolerance? Then learn about exchange traded options, and futures. Or the
Question: buying a stock while the price is going down, and buy it at a lower price Answer: If you bought them, you can sell them. That does not preclude
Question: What happens if one brings more than 10,000 USD with them into the US? Answer: Since all the other answers thus far seem to downplay the risk (likelihood) of
Question: Which brokerages offer the best streaming quotes (tick level) for the best price? Answer: I have ScottradeElite on my desktop. I have played around with it but no longer
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: Remove your money. If you do not need this money for some time, you can
Question: Best Time to buy a stock in a day Answer: You can't predict when to buy a stock during the day to guarantee not having a loss for the
Question: If I go to a seminar held overseas, may I claim my flights on my tax return? Answer: You can deduct this if the main purpose of the trip
Question: How to start personal finances? Answer: A few practical thoughts: A practical thing that helps me immensely not to loose important paperwork (such as bank statements, bills, payroll statement,
Question: Remote jobs and incidental wage costs: What do I have to consider? Answer: An employee costs the company in four ways: Salary, taxes, benefits, and capital. Salary: The obvious
Question: What are the options for a 19-year-old college student who only has about $1000? Answer: $1000 is not that much, and I think the best you can do with
Question: Non Qualifying Stock Option offered by employer Answer: A little terminology: Grant: you get a "gift" with strings attached. "Grant" refers to the plan (legal contract) under which you
Question: How do I fold side-income into our budget so my husband doesn't know? Answer: These earnings will likely have tax implications, depending on where in the world you are.
Question: If you want to trade an equity that reflects changes in VIX, what is a good proxy for it? Answer: VXX VZX XVIZ and there are plenty others correlated
Question: Is there an online service that provides public company information through a public API? Answer: I don't know of any free API's for these data, but I'll provide what
Question: how to show income from paypal as export income Answer: PayPal pays with service tax, where ever you have exported you would have given the invoice, and the statement
Question: Are the guaranteed returns of regulated utilities really what they sound like? Answer: Typically a private company is hit by demand supply issues and cost of inputs. In effect
Question: Is there a government-mandated resource that lists the shareholders of a public company? Answer: The list of the public companies is available on the regulatory agencies' sites usually (for
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: There are non-financial costs to having a debt: you need to
Question: Invest in low cost small cap index funds when saving towards retirement? Answer: You can simply stick with some index funds that tracks the S&P 500 and Ex-US world
Question: Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?) Answer: I recently finished reading a book that you may be interested in based on your question, The Ultimate
Question: Paying Tax on Stocks Trading Answer: The answer to your question doesn't depend on who you trade with but what country you live in. If you live outside of
Question: Can I take money from my employee stock and put it towards another stock? Answer: Only if you sell the stock in question, and use the proceeds to buy
Question: How are people able to spend more than what they make, without going into debt? Answer: Rich people use debt for various reasons. The question should not assume that
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: It's fine. Some people (including myself) charge any
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: I just wanted to give you a different perspective, as I own
Question: I've tracked my spending and have created a budget, now what do I do with it? Answer: Use the budget to drive down spending so you can save (for
Question: Should I change 401k investment options to prepare for rising interest rates? Answer: I see that you're invested in a couple bond funds. You do not want to be
Question: Pay index fund expense ratios with cash instead of fund balance Answer: It seems at most a cosmetic difference - nothing keeps you from adding the 9$ cash to
Question: How does Value Averaging work in practice? Answer: The way I've implemented essentially "value averaging", is to keep a constant ratio between different investment types in my portfolio. Lets
Question: Foreign currency losing value  can I report this as a loss for tax purposes? Answer: This loss would be unrealized and, assuming you're a cash-basis tax-payer, you would
Question: How detailed do itemized deductions have to be? (source needed) Answer: When you do your taxes, you have two choices for your deductions. You can take the standard deduction,
Question: What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario? Answer: Barton Biggs's book Wealth, War and Wisdom aims to answer the question of what investments are best-suited to preserving
Question: Should I set a stop loss for long term investments? Answer: Patience is the key to success. If you hold strong without falling to temptations like seeing a small
Question: Buying a multi-family home to rent part and live in the rest Answer: A professional home inspection will clue you in on any problems you might be buying, so
Question: Online tutorials for calculating DCF (Discounted Cash Flow)? Answer: Check out Professor Damodaran's website: http://pages.stern.nyu.edu/~adamodar/ . Tons of good stuff there to get you started. If you want more
Question: How does a brokerage firm work? Answer: Brokerages offer you the convenience of buying and selling financial products. They are usually not exchanges themselves, but they can be. Typically
Question: Offshore bank account with online International wire-transfer facility for Indians Answer: All Indian Banks are offering USD accounts known as multicurrency account, where you can hold your fund, this
Question: TD Webbroker.ca did not execute my limit sell order even though my stock went .02 over limit Answer: What happened here is pretty obvious: You were trying to sell
Question: How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks? Answer: Keeping your "big emergency" fund in stocks if you have 12 months income saved is OK. However
Question: Pros & cons of buying gold directly vs. investing in a gold ETF like GLD, IAU, SGOL? Answer: Owning physical gold (assuming coins): Owning gold through a fund:
Question: Are banks really making less profit when interest rates are low? Answer: I've read this claim many times in the news: banks are making less profit from the lending
Question: Why don't institutions share stock recommendations like Wall Street analysts? Answer: Primarily because they don't want big price movements when they are in the market. If they spook the
Question: How do you measure the value of gold? Answer: Gold may have some "intrinsic value" but it cannot be accurately determined by investors by any known valuation techniques. In
Question: Why are American Express cards are not as popular as Visa or MasterCard? Answer: Those extra treat points have to come from somewhere, and they come from American Express
Question: Google Finance: Input Parameters For Simple Moving Averages Answer: I looked at this a little more closely but the answer Victor provided is essentially correct. The key to look
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: Who says they don't? In the United Kingdom the Bank of England and the Bank of Scotland
Question: Do technical indicators actually work while analyzing stocks? [duplicate] Answer: Sure they work - right until they don't. Explanation: A stock picking strategy based on technical indicators is at
Question: Which credit card is friendliest to merchants? Answer: Accepting cash isn't free to the merchant's either. It needs to be counted, reconciled, stored, and taken to the bank each
Question: How does a preferred share "Annual Concurrent Retraction Privilege" work? Answer: A retraction privilege is a right extended to the shareholder that allows such shareholder to demand repayment of
Question: What would be a wise way to invest savings for a newly married couple? Answer: I agree with @Pete that you may be well-advised to pay off your loans
Question: Ways to establish credit history for international student Answer: I came to US as an international student several years ago, and I have also experienced the same situation like
Question: Is there legal reason for restricting someone under 59-1/2 from an in-service rollover from a 401K to an IRA? Answer: Yes, this is restricted by law. In plain language,
Question: How do dividend reinvestment purchases work? Answer: The Brokerage firm will purchase shares for the dividend paid in a omnibus account for the security of the issuer and then
Question: How does one value Facebook stock as a potential investment? Answer: To know if a stock is undervalued is not something that can be easily assessed (else, everybody would
Question: How do I hedge stock options like market makers do? Answer: How do option market makers actually hedge their positions so that they do not have a price risk?
Question: How high should I set my KickStarter funding goal in order to have $35,000 left over? Answer: There's two big problems here and they are both related to the
Question: Will an ETF immediately reflect a reconstitution of underlying index Answer: AAPL will not drop out of NASDAQ100 tomorrow. From your own quote: The fund and the index are
Question: What should I do with the change in my change-jar? Answer: Every now and then I fill a pocket with a handful of coins and spend it on a
Question: Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why? Answer: Here's my take on it (and quite a few people might disagree)
Question: Need a formula to determine monthly payments received at time t if I'm reinvesting my returns Answer: How does compounding of annual interest work? answers this question. It's not
Question: Are precious metals/collectibles a viable emergency fund? Answer: If it were me, I would convert it to cash and keep it in a liquid account. The assumption that silver
Question: Why did the price of ASH common stock drop when the market opened on May 15, 2017? Answer: Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) sold off their ownership in Valvoline
Question: Are forward curves useful tools for trading decisions and which informations can be gathered from them? Answer: The forward curve for gold says little, in my opinion, about the
Question: Are there any funds tracking INDEXDJX:REIT? Answer: Although you can't invest in an index, you can invest in a fund that basically invests in what the index is made
Question: How do I protect myself from a scam if I want to help a relative? Answer: Since you mentioned that it is your close relative, he has never done
Question: Why do people buy stocks at higher price in merger? Answer: There are kind of two answers here: the practical reason an acquirer has to pay more for shares
Question: How do you save money on clothes and shoes for your family? Answer: I'm all for thrift stores and yard sales. When they're littler they're more into comfort, perhaps
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: One reason to not do that is if you consider that
Question: How do I report this cash bonus/tip on income tax return? Answer: Daniel covered the correct way to file on the returns, I'm chiming in specifically to discuss the
Question: Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance Answer: For a personal finance forum, this is too complicated for sustained use and
Question: Bonus issue - Increasing share capital Answer: This is what is called "stock dividend". In essence the company is doing a split, the difference is in financial accounting and
Question: As a shareholder, what are the pros and cons of a Share Consolidation and Return of Capital? Answer: The basic theoretical reason for a company to return money to
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: I spend hours researching two comparable products to try to save $3. Me too! I have also
Question: Rate of change of beta Answer: If you do not need it for a day or a week or something like that, an easy thing to do to get
Question: How can I compare the risk of different investing opportunities? Answer: First of all, setting some basics: What is a sound way to measure the risk of each investment
Question: Austrailian tax resident earning salary in the UK - how much tax do I pay on foreign income? Answer: This page and this page on the ATO website provide
Question: What's the most conservative split of financial assets for my portfolio in today's market? Answer: Before investing, absolutely follow the advice in mbhunter's answer. There is no safe investment
Question: Mailed in One-time Payment by Check Answer: I do know that a blank check has all the information they need for the electronic transfer. They probably add it as
Question: Can vet / veterinary bills be considered deductions (tax-deductible) for Income Tax purposes [Canada]? Answer: In the US service animals are treated like durable medical equipment from a tax
Question: How to pay for Alzheimer's care? Answer: See Paying for Care | Caregiver Center | Alzheimer's Association. Notable excerpts: For most individuals 65 or older, Medicare is the primary
Question: Are 'no interest if paid in in x months' credit cards worth it? Answer: I too am a full-monthly-statement-balance payer and I received a balance transfer offer from my
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: Warren Buffett answered this question very well at the 2009 Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. He
Question: Insider trading in another company? Answer: This information is clearly "material" (large impact) and "non-public" according to the statement of the problem. Also, decisions like United States v. Carpenter
Question: Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC? Answer: LLC is, as far as I know, just a US thing, so I'm assuming that you are
Question: Double-entry bookkeeping: How to account for non-monetary taxable benefits received from employer? Answer: I can say that I got X dollars from an account like "Income:Benefits"... but where do
Question: How does owning a home and paying on a mortgage fit into family savings and investment? Answer: Your home (the one you live in) is not an investment. Its
Question: Can written options be exercised against you prior to expiry when they become "in-the-money"? Answer: Yes, if it's an American style option. American style options may be exercised at
Question: Buying Fixed Deposit in India from Europe Answer: You could go further and do a carry trade by borrowing EUR at 2% and depositing INR at 10%. All the
Question: Contract job (hourly rate) as a 1099: How much would I be making after taxes? Answer: Does your spouse work? That's one factor that can put your income into
Question: Advice for college student: Should I hire a financial adviser or just invest in index funds? Answer: If you use a financial planner not only should they be a
Question: How do I analyse moving averages? Answer: One could use technical indicators in any number of ways...they aren't rigidly defined for use in any particular way. If they were,
Question: How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing? Answer: Are specific brand recommendations allowed? I'm a big fan of Lands' End. They have good quality clothing at
Question: Is a "total stock market" index fund diverse enough alone? Answer: I don't think you are missing much, if anything, Brendan. You get massive diversification and low fees with
Question: Stocks and Shares ISA: What are the options for "near cash equivalents"? Answer: You can actually hold cash in your account as long as the manager has reason to
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: When I ran a gas station, our price was largely set by our neighbors-- the other
Question: Where are Bogleheadian World ETFs or Index funds? Answer: A proper world porfolio is a non-trivial task. No one answer exists which is the best one and how one
Question: How do I export or sync data from TD Ameritrade into Google Finance or another online Finance site? Answer: Mint is one alternative. If you want the raw data
Question: Are all VISA cards connected with bank accounts? Answer: In the United States there are 3 main types of cards. There are organizations that push a credit card with
Question: What is the tax liability from an inheritance from a trust and reported on a K-1 form? Answer: You don't need to submit a K-1 form to anyone, but
Question: 1031 Exchange and Taxes? Answer: You bought a rental property in 2001. Hopefully you paid fair value else other issues come into play. Say you paid $120K. You said
Question: How do I find an ideal single fund to invest all my money in? Answer: While it is certainly easy to manage single fund, I am not sure it's
Question: How do I find an ideal single fund to invest all my money in? Answer: In the past 10 years there have been mutual funds that would act as
Question: Is it a good investment for a foreigner to purchase a flat/apartment in China? Answer: It is a lousy investment to purchase an apartment in China. Chinese citizens purchase
Question: How to calculate car insurance quote Answer: First you should understand the basics of how insurance companies make money: In a simple scenario, assume 1,000 have car insurance. Assume
Question: Distribution rules LLC vs. S-Corp Answer: It's actually the other way around. Distributions in an LLC are usually based on each member's equity share, although the operating agreement can
Question: Calculate Finance Rate, Interest Amount when we have below line Fees Answer: The equation for the payment is This board does not support Latex (the number formatting code) so
Question: How are various types of income taxed differently in the USA? Answer: Many individual states, counties, and cities have their own income taxes, payroll taxes, sales taxes, property taxes,
Question: Evaluating stocks useless? Answer: Is evaluating stocks just a loss of time if the stock is traded very much? Not at all! Making sound investment decisions based on fundamental
Question: How can I cash out a check internationally? Answer: Your friend probably cannot deposit the check to your U.S. bank account. U.S. banks that I've worked with will not
Question: How you make decision on a stock purchase after fundamental analysis? Answer: The degrees to which a positive is positive and a negative is negative are up to you.
Question: Protecting savings from exceptional taxes Answer: Over the last few years I've read quite a bit about monetary history. I've developed two very important rules from this study: If
Question: How to know precisely when a SWIFT is issued by a bank? Answer: I think technically the MIR includes the date of issuance but not the time, see the
Question: How does Walmart account their expired food Answer: Any business, like any household, has items that are wasted. Unlike a household, a business does keep track of all items
Question: Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold? Answer: It depends on what your goals are, your age, how much debt you
Question: What is a good asset allocation for a 25 year old? Answer: Check out some common portfolios compared: Note that all these portfolios are loosely based on Modern Portfolio
Question: How to check stock prices online? Answer: Yes, there are a lot of places you can research stocks online, Google Finance, Yahoo Finance, Reuters etc. It's important to understand
Question: Is the stock market a zero-sum game? Answer: No. Share are equity in companies that usually have revenue streams and/or potential for creating them. That revenue can be used
Question: How can contractors recoup taxation-related expenses? Answer: Anything is negotiable. Clearly in the current draft of the contract the company isn't going to calculate or withhold taxes on your
Question: Short term parking of a large inheritance? Answer: The person who told you "no-load funds" had the right idea. Since you are risk-averse, you tend to want a "value"
Question: What are my risks of early assignment? Answer: One reason this happens is due to dividends. If the dividend amount is greater than the time value left on a
Question: Interest on self assessment tax Answer: Assuming you are Resident Indian. As per Indian Income Tax As per section 208 every person whose estimated tax liability for the year
Question: What are useful indexes for rapid evaluation of country investment risk? Answer: Rather than using the Human Development Index or Ease of Doing Business, if you primary purpose is
Question: Why is Insider Trading Illegal? Answer: It is illegal because laws are written by people, and laws of stock trade are written, in part, to make it appear "fair"
Question: Back of Check Images are Blank and not Endorsed Answer: In general, a lack of endorsement (meaning nothing written by the receiver on the back of the check) is
Question: How can an Indian citizen get exposure to global markets? Answer: You can invest upto $200K per year abroad, and yes, you can buy Google as a stock. Consider
Question: Malaysian real estate: How to know if the market is overheated or in a bubble? Answer: I think the only sure way to know if there is a bubble
Question: In double entry book-keeping, how should I record writing of a check? Answer: I'm no accounting expert, but I've never heard of anyone using a separate account to track
Question: I am Brasilian resident, how to buy shares on NYSE? Answer: There are ETFs listed on the Brazilian stock market. Specifically there is one for S&P500 - SPXI11, which
Question: What are the financial advantages of living in Switzerland? Answer: Companies, especially big ones, find in Switzerland a business-friendly environment and often benefit from a special tax regime. Don't
Question: Should I include retirement funds in calculating my asset allocation? Answer: You probably want to think about pools of money separately if they have separate time horizons or are
Question: For a car, would you pay cash, finance for 0.9% or lease for 0.9%? Answer: One part of the equation that I don't think you are considering is the
Question: How to become an investment banker? Answer: Apply for a job/internship to get a first impression of what it means to work in investment banking. Go to a tier
Question: why do energy stocks trade at lower prices compared to other sectors? Answer: Large-scale price range of a stock isn't directly meaningful; that reflects how many shares exist, not
Question: How to sell a stock in a crashing market? Answer: Your question contains a faulty assumption: During crashes and corrections the amount of sellers is of course higher than
Question: New car: buy with cash or 0% financing Answer: If you don't have other installment loans on your credit report, adding this one could help your credit. That could
Question: Why don't banks allow more control over credit/debit card charges? Answer: Credit card fraud is an extremely (to stress, EXTREMELY) small proportion of total credit card transactions. The card
Question: Walking away from an FHA loan Answer: According to the Trulia reference on the issue, New York is a recourse state. Recourse means that the lender can go after
Question: Do the gain and loss during futures rollover each month will be even out in long run? Answer: There are 2 schools of thought in determining the price of
Question: Should I sell my stocks to reduce my debt? Answer: I'd get rid of the debt with the stock money. Stocks are at a high for the year. Get
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: Obviously a stock that's hit a high is profit
Question: Ask FBI permission to withdraw large sums from your checking or savings? Answer: Is it true you have to file papers with the government in the US to withdraw
Question: How will the fall of the UK Pound impact purchasing my first property? Answer: There are two impacts: First, if the pound is dropping, then buying houses becomes cheaper
Question: Is it wise to invest in a stock with a large Div yield? Answer: There have been many interesting and correct answers but to give a direct answer to
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: This might vary from other answers but I generally prefer to use debt before touching an emergency fund. But
Question: What is the dividend if yield is 3.04? Answer: From the hover text of the said screen; Latest dividend/dividend yield Latest dividend is dividend per share paid to shareholders
Question: Can dividends be exploited? Answer: Yes, somebody could buy the shares, receive the dividend, and then sell the shares back. However, the price he would get when he sells
Question: When is the right time to buy a car and/or a house? Answer: Obviously, the best thing financially would be to continue using your present car, unless it impacts
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: The fact you are asking this question, the number of up votes,
Question: Returning to the UK after working in Switzerland, What to do with my Swiss Francs? Answer: If you "have no immediate plans for the money and will probably not
Question: Economics of buy-to-let (investment) flats Answer: Surely the yield should be Yield = (Rent - Costs) / Downpayment ? As you want the yield relative to your capital not
Question: How long should I keep an uncleared transaction in my checkbook? Answer: Why would you consider it null and void? It might be that something went wrong and the
Question: What did John Templeton mean when he said that the four most dangerous words in investing are: this time its different'? Answer: It's a statement that seems to be
Question: US Expatriate, do I have to file for an extension, or do I automatically get it, as in without doing anything? Answer: The 2 months extension is automatic, you
Question: When entering a Futures contract, must the margin deposit be idle or can I profit from it? Answer: In theory, an FCM may accept various types of collateral, including
Question: Is compounding interest on investments a myth? Answer: So my Question is this, in reality is investment in equities like the stock market even remotely resemble the type of
Question: Are BID and ASK the minimum and maximum? Answer: So in your screenshot, someone or some group of someones is willing to buy 3,000 shares at $3.45, and someone
Question: What to do when a job offer is made but with a salary less than what was asked for? Answer: What I do in those cases - assuming I
Question: Should I try to negotiate a signing bonus? Answer: You asked about a signing bonus and were told the conditions that would be required to get one. It does
Question: I'm thinking of getting a new car  why shouldn't I LEASE one? Answer: Also consider how cars fare under your ownership: Does your current car... If any of
Question: Why are typical 401(k) plan fund choices so awful? Answer: I would point this out to the committee or other entity in charge of handling this at work. They
Question: What is the difference between speculating and investing? Answer: I consider speculation to be a security purchase where the point is to sell it to someone for a higher
Question: Which set of earnings is used to work out the P/E of a stock Answer: @jlowin's answer has a very good discussion of the types of PE ratio so
Question: Why is Insider Trading Illegal? Answer: A practical issue is that insider trading transfers wealth from most investors to the few insiders. If this were permitted, non-insiders would rarely
Question: How do the wealthy pay for things? Answer: This is second hand information as I am not a millionaire, but I work with such people everyday and have an
Question: Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name? Answer: You need to first visit the website of whatever state
Question: When you're really young and have about 2K to start investing $ for retirement, why do some people advise you to go risky? Answer: Why it is good to
Question: When's the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold? Answer: What's your basis? If you have just made a 50% gain, maybe you
Question: If a country can just print money, is global debt between countries real? Answer: The debt is absolutely real. China loans money to US via buying the US treasury
Question: Most important skills needed to select profitable stocks Answer: You need to have 3 things if you are considering short-term trading (which I absolutely do not recommend): The ability
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: I primarily intend to add on to WBT's answer,
Question: What investment strategy would you deduce from the latest article from Charles Munger? Answer: So, I've read the article in question, "Basically, It's Over". Here's my opinion: I respect
Question: What can my relatives do to minimize their out of pocket expenses on their fathers estate Answer: Also the will stipulated that the house cannot be sold as long
Question: How should I prepare for the next financial crisis? Answer: In the 2008 housing crash, cash was king. Cash can make your mortgage payment, buy groceries, utilities, etc. Great
Question: Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement? Answer: First, I would recommend getting rid of this ridiculous debt, or remember this day and
Question: Where can I find a good online fundamental data provider for Hong Kong stocks? Answer: Check out WorldCap.org. They provide fundamental data for Hong Kong stocks in combination with
Question: How do I figure out the next step in deciding to sell my home to the market or to a uniquely interested buyer? Answer: We considered similar big renovations
Question: About eToro investments Answer: If it's money you can lose, and you're young, why not? Another would be motifinvesting where you can invest in ideas as opposed to picking
Question: Value of put if underlying stays below strike? Answer: $15 - $5 = $10 How did you possibly buy a put for less than the intrinsic value of the
Question: How should I calculate the opportunity cost of using a 401(k) loan? Answer: There is no equation. Only data that would help you come to the decision that's right
Question: How were self employed folk taxed in the U.K. before 1997 Answer: This link: http://www.ifs.org.uk/fs/articles/ewgm_feb93.pdf (from 1996, describing the proposals for the change) seems to answer the question in
Question: How to keep control of shared expenses inside marriage? Answer: Being new does not allow me yet to vote on your question, but what a good question it is.
Question: If I'm cash-flow negative, should I dollar-cost-average the money from my bonus over the entire year? Answer: You will maximize your expected wealth by investing all the money you
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: When you start to buy stock, don't buy too little of it! Stocks come at
Question: Investment time horizon: When is it acceptable to withdraw money from investments? Answer: To summarize your starting situation: You want to: Possible paths: No small business Get a job.
Question: How long should I keep my bills? Answer: Consumerist posted a list of how long to keep bills.
Question: Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)? Answer: Unfortunately, I missed most of segment and I didn't get to understand the Why? To
Question: What is the difference between a check and a paycheck? Answer: A paycheck is simply a check for your salary. It's just like a rent check, or a birthday
Question: What is the fair value of a stock given the bid and ask prices? Is there such a relationship? Answer: If you need to show that the sale/purchase was
Question: Do I even need credit cards? Answer: People have credit cards for various reasons depending upon their personal situation and uses You don't need to have a Credit Card
Question: Incentive Stock Option (ISO) tax question - more specific this time Answer: I've bought ISO stock over they years -- in NYSE traded companies. Every time I've done so,
Question: How to Transition From Employee to Employer? Answer: Having been both I see the pros and cons Employers: I personally hated all the paperwork. Government forms, legal protection, insurance,
Question: Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&P 500) when the index is at an all-time high? Answer: In other words, to a first-order approximation, the
Question: Calculate how much interest I will pay given a creditcard balance and a monthly payment? Answer: At the end of each period, add the interest, in this case an
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: Very few people's credit is worth $100,000. The average homeowner's credit (family of four with good to very good credit)
Question: Discount Rate vs. IRR Answer: The IRR is the Discount Rate r* that makes Net Present Value NPV(r*)==0. What this boils down to is two ways of making the
Question: Exercising an option without paying for the underlying Answer: It would be nice if the broker could be instructed to clear out the position for you, but in my
Question: How to approach building credit without a credit card Answer: One possible route is to try to have no credit. This is different than bad credit. If you build
Question: Do overall 401(k) contribution limits sum across employers? Answer: Let me first start off by saying that you need to be careful with an S-Corp and defined contribution plans.
Question: Where can I find a list of all reverse listings on European stock exchanges for a specific period? Answer: I found the zephyr database, which does the job. Nonetheless
Question: Calculation, timing, and taxes related to profit distribution of an S-corp? Answer: It's whatever you decide. Taking money out of an S-Corp via distribution isn't a taxable event. Practically
Question: How often do typical investors really lose money? Answer: The earlier answers answered the question on how a more practical trader can lose money. Here I'd like to mention
Question: How should I utilize my money as I begin grad school? Answer: For some ideas on investing priority guidelines, see Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing.
Question: How to take advantage of home appreciation Answer: There might just not be anything useful for you to do with that 'value'. As others mentioned, HELOCs have their risks
Question: Investing in low cost index fund  does the timing matter? Answer: When you start investing makes a very large difference to the outcome, but that is on the
Question: Using Fibonacci Extensions to set profit targets? Answer: I have never seen a backtest showing that prices tended to be attracted by / to revert around Fibonacci levels. The
Question: How do credit card payments work? What ensures the retailer charges the right amount? Answer: Your credit card limit is nothing more than a simple number. When you purchase
Question: How and where can I deposit money to generate future payments / income? Answer: If you're in the USA and looking to retire in 10 years, pay your Social
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: This is a very complicated thing to try to do. There are many variables,
Question: Car Loan upside down--refinance before selling? Answer: As for refinancing: Many institutions charge up-front fees when doing any type of vehicle loan. Typically this is in the neighborhood of
Question: How to account for a shared mortgage in QuickBooks Online? Answer: How you should record the mortgage payments depends on if you are trying to achieve correct accounting, according
Question: Why is silver so volatile compared to the S&P 500? Answer: The S&P 500 represents a broadly diversified basket of stocks. Silver is a single metal. If all else
Question: Using pivot points to trade in the short term Answer: Pivots Points are significant levels technical analysts can use to determine directional movement, support and resistance. Pivot Points use
Question: Should we buy a house, or wait? Answer: You are very young, you make a huge amount of money, and you have (from what information you provide) very little
Question: How to account for a shared mortgage in QuickBooks Online? Answer: You could classify the mortgage as a different assets class and then create automated additions and deductions to
Question: Risk of buying stock Answer: If you buy stock in established companies, it is vey unlikely that they will lose all their value. Spreading your money across multiple stocks
Question: Home owners association for houses, pro/cons Answer: As I understand it the basic premiss of a HOA is to ease communication between neighbors and help work towards common community
Question: What does quantitative easing 2 mean for my bank account? Answer: Probably means next to zero chance of having decent rates on savings accounts for the near future -
Question: Credit Card Approval Answer: Bigger than the three mentioned above is on-time payment and/or collections activity. If your report shows you have not paid accounts on time, or have
Question: Strategy for accounting personal finance in multiple currency? Answer: How can I correctly account for having money in different currencies, without currency transfers or currency fluctuations ending up as
Question: What happens if one brings more than 10,000 USD with them into the US? Answer: The $10,000 mark is not a ceiling in importing cash, but rather a point
Question: Getting correlation from regression slope (Completely stumped) Answer: Using the following equations from the book a stab at the correlation can be made. Calculating the residual volatilities from equation
Question: Who could afford a higher annual deductible who couldn't afford a higher monthly payment? Answer: I edited in the total annual out of pocket for each level to help
Question: Why would a company sell debt in order to buy back shares and/or pay dividends? Answer: Businesses have bond ratings just like people have credit ratings. It has become
Question: Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation Answer: I see one clear thing to help: She lives alone. Why does she need a two bedroom place?
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: You are talking to the wrong people. Debt collectors are not intimidated by anything you say. Call and
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: For the
Question: What is "beta" for an investment or a portfolio, and how do I use it? Answer: In addition to individual stocks, your entire portfolio will also have a beta.
Question: Do companies that get taken-over have to honour the old gift card/certificate? Answer: I know this is old, but Joe Taxpayer is wrong. When you dissolve a corporation in
Question: How to rebalance a portfolio without moving money into losing investments Answer: You are very correct, rebalancing is basically selling off winners to buy losers. Of course the thinking
Question: Planning to invest in stock, age 16 Answer: First of all, since you're 16 - you will not invest in anything. You cannot, you're a minor. You cannot enter
Question: Options liquidity and trading positions larger than the daily volume? Answer: One broker told me that I have to simply read the ask size and the bid size, seeing
Question: Where can I find all public companies' information? Answer: Here are some approaches you may value: Wolfram Alpha This is a search engine with a difference. It literally is
Question: What ETF best tracks the price of gasoline, or else crude oil? Answer: Do not buy any commodity tracking ETF without reading and understanding the prospectus. Some of these
Question: High dividend stocks Answer: You might want to look up Dividend Yield Trap. Many stocks with high dividend yields got that way not because they decided to increase their
Question: Are traders 100% responsible for a stock's price changes? Answer: Value is the key word here. Traders should ideally trade on the perceived future value of a company. Changes
Question: New 1099 employee with Cobra insurance Answer: For the first four months of the year, when you were an employee, the health insurance premiums were paid for with pre-tax
Question: How to increase my credit score Answer: I've been in the UK for 3.5 years, and I have the same problem: I can't get even a small loan from
Question: How can a credit card company make any money off me? I have a no-fee card and pay my balance on time Answer: Maybe they don't make much, but
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: I just want to point out a couple of things, and I do not
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: Buy a car. Vehicle loans, like mortgages, are installment loans. Credit cards are
Question: How can I estimate the value of private stock behind employee stock options? Answer: It is difficult to value a private company. Most of the valuations is based on
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: Your dad may have paid an "opportunity cost" for that outright purchase. If the money he saved had been
Question: Where can I find the current price to rent ratio of the locality of my interest? Answer: Chris, this is an arbitrage question with a twist: you cannot treat
Question: Want to buy expensive product online. Credit line on credit cards not big enough. How do "Preferred Account" programs work? Answer: The preferred accounts are designed to hope you
Question: How can I figure out when I'll be able to write call options of a stock? Answer: Call the CBOE, the Chicago Board of Options Exchange I've requested options
Question: using credit card and paying back quickly Answer: Yes, however you would have to wait for the $900 to actually be available in your credit card account if making
Question: Getting started in stock with one special field of activity Answer: I don't think investing in only one industry, which you may know well, is very wise. You may
Question: Low risk hybrid investment strategy Answer: There are a number of strategies using options and shares together. One that sells large potential upside gains to assure more consistent medium
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Agree wholeheartedly with the first point - keep track! It's like losing
Question: What's the difference when asked for "debit or credit" by a store when using credit and debit cards? Answer: It depends on your bank and your terms of service,
Question: Is there any benefit to investing in an index fund? Answer: when the index is altered to include new players/exclude old ones, the fund also adjusts The largest and
Question: Is Cost of Living overstated? Answer: I live in Upstate NY. It's a great, reasonable cost place to live -- provided that you have a job. In NYC, there
Question: First job: Renting vs get my parents to buy me a house Answer: Rent. You have no idea whether you will still be in the same part of the
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: House as
Question: My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&P 500. What should I do? Answer: absolutely $SPY ETF is the way to go if your point of
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Fiduciary They are obligated by the rules of the exchanges they are
Question: What does Chapter 11 Bankruptcy mean to an investor holding shares of a Chapter 11 Company? Answer: I held shares in BIND Therapeutics, a small biotechnology company on the
Question: Price/Time priority order matching - limit order starvation Answer: Market orders do not get priority over limit orders. Time is the only factor that matters in price/time order matching
Question: Capitalize on a falling INR Answer: One simplest way is to to do Forex trading. You can do this by buying Foreign Currency Futures when you feel Rupee is
Question: Stock exchanges using open outcry Answer: As Chris pointed out in his comment, smaller stock exchanges may use open outcry. There are several exchanges that use open outcry/floor trading
Question: What would the broker do about this naked call option? Answer: Yes, it can buy back the call, but much before stock hits the $30 mark. Let us say
Question: What's a good option for passive income for a college student? Answer: There's no such thing as true "passive income." You are being paid the risk free rate to
Question: Can signing up at optoutprescreen.com improve my credit score? Answer: If you are the type of person that gets drawn in to "suspect" offers, then it is conceivable that
Question: Is Cost of Living overstated? Answer: I do not believe there is a strong correlation between CPI (Consumer Price Index) and housing value appreciation. Take, for example, New York
Question: What kind of company is USAA? Answer: The United Services Automobile Association has a funny legal structure: it's not a corporation and has no shareholders. Policyholders and account holders
Question: Do personal checks expire? [US] Answer: It depends on the bank. According to the Uniform Commercial Code, a bank is not obliged to pay a cheque after six months,
Question: CD interest rate US vs abroad, is there a catch? Answer: If you invest in a foreign bank you are subject to their financial rules and regulations. If you
Question: Is threatening to close the account a good way to negotiate with the bank? Answer: Take your business elsewhere, where the products and services are priced at a level
Question: Warren and it's investments [duplicate] Answer: If I were in your shoes I would concentrate now on investing in yourself. Your greatest wealth building tool is your income. Going
Question: How can one tell if a company's quarterly financial report represents a profit or loss? Answer: You have defined net profit to include all income and, presumably, expenses. Specifically,
Question: What is 'consolidating' debt and why do people do it? Answer: The debt on Credit Cards is pretty high. Its in the range of 30-40% APR. There could also
Question: Where can end-of-day data be downloaded for corporate bonds? Answer: Here is one from a Bloomberg partnership, it is free. To get the end of day prices, you may
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: Congratulations to you and good luck and good health with the baby. I had a
Question: Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid Answer: First of all, look for a savings account with a decent interest rate. Online banks are good at offering
Question: How to send money across borders physically and inexpensively, but not via cash? Answer: Traveller's cheques. That's exactly what they were intended for. Their usage has dropped a lot
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: Keep in mind, this is a matter of preference, and the answers here are going to give you a look at the choices and
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: One factor I haven't seen mentioned is volume. Suppliers will charge a slightly lower price to
Question: How do freight derivatives like Forward Freight Agreements (FFAs) work? Answer: To answer this part of the question: "How can you build an index based on shipping routes -
Question: Covered call when stock position is at a loss Answer: An expired option is a stand-alone event, sold at $X, with a bought at $0 on the expiration date.
Question: Price graphs: why not percent change? Answer: I am in complete agreement with you. The place i have found with the sort of charts you are looking for is
Question: Impact of RMD on credit worthiness Answer: My understanding is that credit card companies are allowed to accept retirement income as part of the income that would qualify you
Question: How do I build wealth? Answer: CEOs are compensated with stocks and options on top of their salary. Most is in the form of stocks and options. You may
Question: Implications of receiving small amounts of money on the side Answer: HMRC may or may not find out about it; the risks and penalties involved if they do find
Question: How can I find hotel properties to buy other than using Google? Answer: Probably the easiest way to invest in hotel rooms in the U.S. is to invest in
Question: What publicly available software do professional stock traders use for stock analysis? Answer: Another one I have seen mentioned used is Equity Feed. It had varies levels of the
Question: Money transfer to the U.K Answer: I've been using xetrade for quite awhile, also used nzforex (associated with ozforex / canadian forex, probably ukforex as well) -- xetrade has
Question: Is it practical to take actual delivery on a futures contract, and what is the process? Answer: As mentioned in other answers, you find out by reading the Rulebook
Question: How can I detect potential fraud in a company before investing in them? Answer: Even without fraud, a company can get into serious trouble overnight, often through no fault
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: This entirely depends on two factors: Now let's look at what
Question: Primerica: All it claims to be? Answer: I was a Primerica representative, left to be on my own, and then returned. Insurance is one matter that depends on the
Question: Why are capital gains taxed at a lower rate than normal income? Answer: Here are three key factors that you do not explicitly state: So while I cannot say
Question: Buying real estate with cash Answer: If they really want cash, you notify your bank in advance of the amount and have it put in your account, then you
Question: How to measure a currencies valuation or devaluation in relevance to itself Answer: The measure of change of value of a currency in relation to itself is inflation (or
Question: Is being a landlord a good idea? Is there a lot of risk? Answer: If you are able to buy a 150K home for 50K now that would be
Question: How to manage 20 residential apartments Answer: There are many property management companies are available in India. You can easily find trusted companies just searching on the google. They
Question: Is an investor of a startup subjected under a vesting schedule? Answer: Recently, I asked about what the company valuation is and how many shares does my 4% represent.CFO
Question: If I own x% of company A, and A buys company B, do I own x% of B? Answer: Ok, so imagine I own x% of Facebook and Facebook
Question: As a parent of a high school student, what should my short-term cash policy be to optimize my college costs? Answer: There is no simple answer to your question.
Question: Is an open-sourced World Stock Index a pipe-dream? Answer: I think that any ETF is "open source" -- the company issues a prospectus and publishes the basket of stocks
Question: What prevents interest rates from rising? Answer: Interest rates are market driven. They tend to be based on the prime rate set by the federal reserve bank because of
Question: Please explain: What exactly is a CDS or "Credit Default Swap"? Answer: From my understanding, a CDS is a financial product to buy protection against an event of "default"
Question: Isn't an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) a surefire way to make tons of money? Answer: My big gripe with the ICO name and corresponding mania is that it has
Question: Will anything happen to me if the AMT is not re-established before 2011? Answer: According to pages 6 & 7 of the instructions for form 1040 in 2009 AMT
Question: Companies that use their cash to buy back stock, issue dividends, etc.  how does this this typically affect share price? Answer: If a company is valued correctly, then
Question: What is the correct term to describe (shares owned * share value)? Answer: This is typically referred to as the "market value" of your holdings--it is the revenue you
Question: Is this follow-up after a car crash a potential scam? Answer: I would write them a check or give them cash money. There are payment receipt forms available online,
Question: 2 houses 450k each or one 800k? Answer: Having someone else paying you rent is always going to be the better deal financially. The question is, what does $450k
Question: How to invest 100k Answer: Your question is listed as "How to invest 100k", not how would I find someone without a hidden agenda - so I'll answer that:
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: My old company did this and set a limit at 13 percent which for me
Question: Why is it that stock prices for a company seem to go up after a layoff? Answer: AMD is doing more than just laying off staff. Their earnings report
Question: Did basically all mutual funds have a significant crash in 2008? Answer: I will solely address your fear because from what I read you fear investing in something that
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: Are there any (monthly) administrative fees on those loans that are charged separately?
Question: What Happens to Bank Stocks If Country Defaults Answer: Most national banks are required by the regulations of their host countries to hold significant reserves in the form of
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: Easy... Use cash, or keep a ledger.
Question: What happens after a counterparty defaults on a derivative trade? Answer: The answer is in your question: derivatives are contracts so are enforced in the same way as any
Question: Why pay estimated taxes? Answer: While the US tax code does not directly impose an obligation to pay estimated taxes, it does impose a penalty on individuals for failure
Question: Is it possible to be subject to cash withdrawal even if you don't use ATM? Answer: Probably not. I say probably because your credit card's terms of service may
Question: How to realize capital gains before going from non-resident alien to resident alien in USA Answer: Is this possible and will it have the intended effect? From the US
Question: What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options? Answer: I recommend fixing the roof. You're going to pay for it eventually, either as an emergency repair
Question: If I donate depreciated stock to charity, can I deduct both the market value and the capital loss? Answer: No. You should only donate appreciated stock. If you own
Question: Record retention requirements for individuals in the U.S.? Answer: Here is an IRS Publication 552 covering records retention The publication covers many areas, including proof of income, bank statements,
Question: Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan? Answer: The stupid question nobody asked: how mechanically inclined are you? I buy used cars, but then again I
Question: How should I go about creating an estate plan? Answer: Yes, an estate plan can be very important. Estate planning - typically attempts to eliminate uncertainties over the administration
Question: Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day? Answer: Trading at the start of a session is by far
Question: How inflation in China makes real exchange rate between China and US to rise? Answer: Chinese currency is not freely convertible. Its exchange rate is not determined by the
Question: What options are available for a home loan with poor credit but a good rental history? Answer: Take the long term view. Build up the cash. Once you have
Question: Smart to buy a house in college? Answer: Of course, I know nothing about real estate or owning a home. I would love to hear people's thoughts on why
Question: Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax? Answer: Unfortunately, if your taxes are too complicated for the 1040EZ form, then your tax situation is
Question: Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns? Answer: Because most of the posters have disparaged the pursuit of
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Pay it off. If you do so, you have the liberty to drop or reduce a portion of your collision
Question: Why do put option prices go higher when the underlying stock tanks (drops)? Answer: Options pricing is based on the gap between strike and the current market, and volatility.
Question: How would I use Google Finance to find financial data about LinkedIn & its stock? Answer: It's been traded publicly for only about a month. I wouldn't put much
Question: I started some small businesses but need help figuring out taxes. Should I hire a CPA? Answer: Certainly sounds worthwhile to get a CPA to help you with setting
Question: I'm halfway through a 5-year purchase financing deal on my car. It's expensive. Can I sell it and get a cheaper car? Answer: You say "it's expensive". I'm going
Question: Taxes on foreign and local dividends held in a TFSA Answer: As far as I read in many articles, all earnings (capital gains and dividends) from Canadian stocks will
Question: Should I buy stocks of my current employer because of its high dividend yield? Answer: Dividend yields are a product of the dollar amount paid to shareholders and the
Question: how stock market sale work? Answer: As stock prices have declined, the net worth of people has come down. Imagine owning a million shares of a stock worth $100/share.
Question: Sales Tax Licence/Permit - When is it required and how can I make a use of it as a non-US resident selling in USA? Answer: Sales tax permits come
Question: Choosing which ESPP stocks to sell? Answer: the difference would be taxes... Lets say you have two lots, one with a 10 dollar gain, and one with a 20
Question: If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything? Answer: The company gets it worth from how well it performs. For example if you buy
Question: W-4 was not updated when moving from part-time to full-time, still showed Tax-Exempt. What happens now? Answer: Legally, do I have anything to worry about from having an incorrectly
Question: Economics of buy-to-let (investment) flats Answer: Lucky you - here where I live that does not work, you put money on the table year 1. Anyhow... You HAVE to
Question: Are there online brokers in the UK which don't require margin account? Answer: You can open an account with HSBC and use InvestDirect - their online share trading service
Question: What are some time tested passive income streams? Answer: Last year was a great opportunity for dividend stocks and MLPs. I have a few which are earning 6-9% of
Question: Any Loop Holes for Owner Occupancy? Answer: There are 2 and 3 family houses that have an "owner occupied" clause for certain financing. Of course, one would rent out
Question: Using credit cards online: is it safe? Answer: You're right that someone who, say, photographed the front of your card at the store could use it to make some
Question: Scam or Real: A woman from Facebook apparently needs my bank account to send money Answer: This is a scam, I'm adding this answer because I was scammed in
Question: Does an issue of bonus shares improve shareholder value? Answer: This IS a stock split. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stock_split Ratios of 2-for-1, 3-for-1, and 3-for-2 splits are the most common, but any
Question: How do UK Gilts interest rates and repayments work? Answer: The name of the Gilt states the redemption date, but not the original issue date. A gilt with 8.75%
Question: Is this investment opportunity problematic? Answer: Every time I have loaned money to family members I have never gotten the money back. If they can't make the down payment,
Question: How does 83b election work when paying fair market value at time of grant? Answer: 83(b) election requires you to pay the current taxes on the discount value. If
Question: Do stock option prices predicate the underlying stock's movement? Answer: Option prices can predict the range of movement of the underlying, but not if the underlying is going up
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: One reason why they limit it is to protect you. If I hack your account, I get your
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: Plenty of good answers here, but probably the best answer is that The Market
Question: No-line-of-credit debit card? Answer: We have a pre-paid mastercard. This will only allow the spending up to the amount already paid into the card account. Visa Electron is a
Question: In Australia, how to battle credit card debt? Answer: Victor addressed the card issue with an excellent answer, I'd like to take a stab at the budget and income
Question: Tax planning for Indian TDS on international payments Answer: Tax Deducted at source is applicable to Employee / Employer [contract employee] relations ... it was also made applicable for
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: My family members, particularly my aunt (his daughter),
Question: On what quantity the Dividend is given in India? Answer: So My question is if I purchased the shares on 03-08-15 then will I get the dividend? Yes if
Question: Paying off a loan with a loan to get a better interest rate Answer: If it's possible in your case to get such a loan, then sure, providing the
Question: What's the difference between Buy and Sell price on the stock exchange [duplicate] Answer: The Bid price is simply the highest buy price currently being offered and the Ask
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: There is no issue - and no question - if you get
Question: What is the US Fair Tax? Answer: In a nutshell - Value Added Tax. America, as usual, discovers what others have known and used for years. The idea of
Question: Why does it take so long to refund to credit card? Answer: The holdup is from the merchant. To protect themselves, a merchant requires payment before giving you your
Question: 5/1 ARM: Lifetime cap, First Adjustment Cap, Margin, and Annual Cap? Answer: I hope this image is clear. A spreadsheet is how I look at these things. Unfortunately, you
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I won't answer in a detailed manner because most people at this site like answers with certain bias' on these
Question: Stock trading models that use fundamental analysis, e.g. PEG ratios? Answer: Maria, there are a few questions I think you must consider when considering this problem. Do fundamental or
Question: Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock Answer: Open Google finance and divide the Market Capitalization by the total price.
Question: How to find an optimum linear combination of various investments? Answer: You're talking about modern portfolio theory. The wiki article goes into the math. Here's the gist: Modern portfolio
Question: Expecting to move in five years; how to lock mortgage rates? Answer: You can't transfer mortgages when you purchase a new property. You can purchase a new property now,
Question: Long vs. short term capital gains on real estate Answer: No, it's not all long-term capital gain. Depending on the facts of your situation, it will be either ordinary
Question: Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics? Answer: The whole point of a credit report and, by extension,
Question: Should I invest in the world's strongest currency instead of my home currency? Answer: Currency speculation is a very risky investment strategy. But when you are looking for which
Question: Do I still need to pay capital gains taxes when I profit from a stock in a foreign currency? Answer: Yes, you still need to pay income tax on
Question: Is there any evidence that "growth"-style indexes and growth ETFs outperform their respective base indexes? Answer: They don't, actually. Though in some time frames S&P 500 growth out performs
Question: How can contractors recoup taxation-related expenses? Answer: They are already indirectly paying these expenses. They should be built into your rates. The amount per job or per hour needs
Question: How to handle missing W2 from failed direct deposit only company? Answer: Yes, there's a way. I actually wrote a blog post about it. Its a new service from
Question: Does buying and selling a stock OR holding onto it make a company look better? Answer: Share prices change (or not) when shares are bought and sold. Unless he's
Question: Digital envelope system: a modern take Answer: I definitely get where you're coming from. The envelope system sounds good, but doesn't appeal to most people under 50 for many
Question: Can someone explain a stock's "bid" vs. "ask" price relative to "current" price? Answer: As others have stated, the current price is simply the last price at which the
Question: Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy different stocks? Answer: Yes (most likely). If you are exchanging investments for cash, you will have to
Question: Do rental car agencies sell their cars at a time when it is risky for the purchaser? Answer: A premium car rental agency will sell a car which is
Question: Any sane way to invest in both funds and stocks with UK ISA? Answer: A lot of ISA's allow both shares and funds as well as gilts, Hargreaves Lansdown
Question: Is Cost of Living overstated? Answer: New York City is high cost-of-living, and I have absolutely no clue why people live there. It's a tough place, and the taxes
Question: Why don't banks allow more control over credit/debit card charges? Answer: quid has expressed some of the disadvantages with this approach, but there is another. Vendors will not want
Question: What effect does a company's earnings have on the price of its stock? Answer: Market price of a stock typically trades in a range of Price/Earnings Ratio (P/E ratio).
Question: What is the preferred way to finance home improvements when preparing to sell your house? Answer: You could take on more work. Pizza delivery, lawn work, babysitting, housecleaning, etc.
Question: I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget? Answer: Lazy man's budget. Four separate accounts for timing of expenses: short (monthly;
Question: How to send money from europe to usa EUR - USD? Answer: PayPal. Or even Western Union or MoneyGram. Despite their fees, there is a reason those companies are
Question: Are buying and selling futures based on objective data? Answer: Let's ask another question: Why do you buy X at price $Y? Here are some answers: Now, another question:
Question: Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe? Answer: The 8% rate offered by Russian banks on US Dollar accounts reflects the financial problems
Question: Ghana scam and direct deposit scam? Answer: So Linda/Josie's initial plan was to have your dad pay money to (supposedly) help her get the gold chest. After he would
Question: If the co-signer on my car loan dies, can the family take the car from me like they're threatening to? Answer: If you've been paying on the car for
Question: Fund equalisation / dividend Answer: Do all/most unit trusts have equalisation policy? It is really that some value of the fund is given to the investor, so the fund
Question: Can a Covered Call be called away before the expiration date? Answer: Yes. If I own a call, an American call option can be exercised at my wish. A
Question: When people say 'Interest rates are at all time low!"  Which interest rate are they actually referring to? Answer: You are correct that it could refer to any
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: Written with some mild snark , but no insult intended, because
Question: How do I go about finding an honest & ethical financial advisor? Answer: The other answers are good, but not UK-specific. You need to look for an Independent Financial
Question: Considering investing in CHN as a dividend stock Answer: CHN is a Closed-End Fund. CHN actually pays out three types of distributions: In the case of CHN, they appear
Question: Mutual Fund with Dividends Answer: There are two independent sets of terms we need to define in order to answer your question. I am trying to understand the difference
Question: A little advice pleasecar loan related Answer: Let's assess the situation first, then look at an option: This leaves you with about $1,017/mo in cash flow, provided you spend
Question: What's the difference between Term and Whole Life insurance? Answer: Term life insurance is just that - life insurance that pays out if you die, just like car insurance
Question: Best way for for soon to turn 18 to learn about money? Answer: Do you have a smart phone? Check out the Clark Howard Podcast. I listen every day.
Question: Why is it possible to just take out a ton of credit cards, max them out and default in 7 years? Answer: I should apply for everything I can
Question: Should I put more money down on one property and pay it off sooner or hold on to the cash? Answer: I'd suggest taking all the money you have
Question: How does a high share price benefit a company when it is raising funds? Answer: In an IPO (initial public offering) or APO (additional public offering) situation, a small
Question: Is there any reason to buy shares before/after a split? Answer: Assuming you plan to buy a whole number of shares and have a maximum dollar value you intend
Question: Got a "personal" bonus from my boss. Do I have to pay taxes and if so, how do I go about that? Answer: If you are in the US
Question: Will a credit card company close my account if I stop using it? Answer: The answer is maybe. I had a Chase card without a purchase in over 4
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: In Scotland, each bank issues its own separate notes. It's not uncommon to see identical-valued 10 notes,
Question: When I ask a broker to buy stock, what does the broker do? Answer: Here are a couple of articles that can help highlight the differences between a broker
Question: What does it really mean to buy a share? Answer: I have been careful here to cover both shares in companies and in ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds). Some information
Question: Where can I invest for the Short Term and protect against Inflation? Answer: Emergency funds, car funds etc tend to have to be accessible quickly (which tends to rule
Question: Is investing in financial markets a gamble? Answer: I read about the 90-90-90 rule aka 90% of the people lose 90% of the money in 90 days. Anything that
Question: How can I check my credit score? Answer: Since no one else answered this part of your question yet: Checking your own credit score or report will not affect
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Can you tell I'm having fun with this question? Here's another great list, from Finally Frugal, which
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: I don't want to repeat things that have already been said as I agree with most of
Question: What types of receipts do I need to keep for itemized tax deductions? Answer: I err on the side of saving all of mine for a while. Just toss
Question: Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly? Answer: Like all other loan-vs-savings questions, it depends on the terms of the loan. If
Question: Roth vs. Whole Insurance vs. Cash Answer: Advantage of cash: You can spend the money without having to pay any fees or taxes to get it out. Disadvantage: When
Question: $200k in an IRA, unallocated. What's the safest investment? Answer: Note that long term you need to plan for possible inflation, so "a little bit of return" generally wants
Question: Unusual real estate market with seemingly huge rental returns Answer: You are suggesting that a 1% return per month is huge. There are those who suggest that one should
Question: Investing using leverage Answer: Let's do a real example of leverage on the SPY. Imagine you have $20K today and plan on having $100K by JAN 2018. You could
Question: What is the difference between a bond and a debenture? Answer: Some additional links which explain their differences. But mostly as @bstpierre says, both are very similar and in
Question: hardship withdrawal Answer: With respect to the 401(k). Before taking a hardship withdrawal, one must first deplete the ability to take any 401(k) loans available. This is a regulation.
Question: Standard Deviation with Asset Prices? Answer: Some years ago, two "academics," Ibbotson and Sinquefield did these calculations. (Roger) Ibbotson, is still around. So Google Roger Ibbotson, or Ibbotson Associates.
Question: A guy scammed me, but he gave me a bank account number & routing number. Can I use that to take out what he owes me? Answer: OK, reading
Question: Why can't the government simply payoff everyone's mortgage to resolve the housing crisis? Answer: Just looking at the practicality: Because the total value of outstanding mortgages in the US
Question: How much does it cost to build a subdivision of houses on a large plot of land? Answer: A bank may not like loaning money to you for this.
Question: Employer options when setting up 401k for employees Answer: If you were looking to maximize your ability to save in a qualified plan, why not setup a 401K plan
Question: Can I evaluate the performance of a company using just OHLC data? Answer: No. The information you are describing is technical data about a stock's market price and trading
Question: How to calculate car insurance quote Answer: On top of the given answers, the type of referral will also factor in. When you're up for renewal and go to
Question: Does the USA have a Gold reserve? Answer: According to the US Mint, the Government does still have a gold reserve stored mostly in Fort Knox in Kentucky, but
Question: How to calculate the closing price percentage change for a stock? Answer: The previous day's close on Thursday 10th October was 5,000.00 The close on Friday 11th October is
Question: Why would we need a "stop-limit order" for selling? Answer: If one wants to have a bound on the loss percentages that are acceptable, this is would be a
Question: Retirement planning 401(k), IRA, pension, student loans Answer: I'd suggest you avoid the Roth for now and use pretax accounts to get the greatest return. I'd deposit to the
Question: What is a Student Loan and does it allow you to cover a wide range of expenses relating to school? Answer: Short answer: student loans are loans given to
Question: California resident, Delaware C-Corp - Taxes for 1-person software freelancer? Answer: Supposedly this also means that I am free from having to pay California corporate taxes? Not in the
Question: Investing in income stocks for dividends - worth it? Answer: After looking at your profile, I see your age...28. Still a baby. At your age, and given your profession,
Question: How much time does a doctor's office have to collect balance from me? Answer: Seems like the doctor's office is not very organized. Ask for a line itemized bill.
Question: Can a husband and wife who are both members of the same LLC file a joint tax return? Answer: Since from the question it seems that you're talking about
Question: Paying extra on a mortgage. How much can I save? [duplicate] Answer: How much can I save? Depends on inflation and what other investment opportunities you have. It could
Question: Why do grocery stores in the U.S. offer cash back so eagerly? Answer: The only card I've seen offer this on credit card purchases is Discover. I think they
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: If you are willing to use one main credit card for shopping, use a grocery points rewards card
Question: Can I place a stock limit order to buy above the current price? Can I place a stock limit order to sell below the current price? Answer: I have
Question: Account that is debited and account that is credited Answer: The credit and debit terms here is, talking from bank's point of view (shouldn't be a surprise, banks are
Question: How do you determine the dividend payout date for Mutual Funds? Answer: Determine which fund company issues the fund. In this case, a search reveals the fund name to
Question: What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment? Answer: Here would be the big two you don't mention: Time - How much of your
Question: If throwing good money after bad is generally a bad idea, is throwing more money after good Ok? Answer: I have heard that investing more money into an investment
Question: Money transfer from Australia to India - avoid receiving ends service tax Answer: All Bank fees were included in the service tax ambit [For example Check bounce, issue of
Question: Is it better to buy U.S ADRs or stock in native stock exchange for a foreigner? Answer: It depends. An ADR might be exposed to a larger market (let's
Question: Are companies in California obliged to provide invoices? Answer: We run into this all the time with our EU clients. As far as I can tell, the only requirements
Question: Why are American Express cards are not as popular as Visa or MasterCard? Answer: I have a merchant account and accept Visa, Mastercard, and Discover but not AMEX. I
Question: Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&P 500) when the index is at an all-time high? Answer: In 1929 the Dow Jones Industrial Average peaked
Question: Bollinger Bands and TRENDING market Answer: If upper and bollinger bands either converge (both bands are getting more and more close together) or diverge (both bands are getting more
Question: What's a Letter of Credit? Are funds held in my bank for the amount in question? Answer: A letter of credit is commonly used by importers who want to
Question: Financing with two mortgages: a thing of the past? Answer: Depends on where we are in the credit cycle. When banks are scared like in 07 to 11, good
Question: Recommendation for learning fundamental analysis? Answer: Definition: Fundamental analysis involves analyzing financial statements and health, management and competitive advantages, and competitors and markets. Books are a great way to
Question: Anyone have experience with Brink's 5% savings account? Answer: Down in the Fine Print are these points to consider for the limit: For an average daily balance up to
Question: Is the MBA an overrated degree/qualification? Answer: There is a distinct difference between 'having a degree' and 'being genuinely smart and business savvy'. If you're genuinely smart and business
Question: Double entry for mortgage Answer: For the purpose of personal finance, treating $500 as Interest Expense is sufficient. For business accounting, it involves making the $500 a contra-liability and
Question: View asset/holdings breakdown within fund Answer: according to the SEC: Shareholder Reports A mutual fund and a closed-end fund respectively must provide shareholders with annual and semi-annual reports 60
Question: Why not just invest in the market? Answer: Perhaps someone has an investment objective different than following the market. If one is investing in stocks with an intent on
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: Other people lie to the companies about how many miles they drive, so they can't take
Question: Incorporating real-world parameters into simulated(paper) trading Answer: I think you're on the wrong track. Getting more and more samples from the real world does not make your backtest more
Question: Different ways of looking at P/E Ratio vs EPS Answer: You could not have two stocks both at $40, both with P/E 2, but one an EPS of $5
Question: How to get rid of someone else's debt collector? Answer: Suing is a legitimate option as well as screening your calls but here's another idea which has personally worked
Question: Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again? Answer: According to Money Girl, home insurance premiums are higher if you have a poor credit score. You
Question: Long term bond index prices before 2000? Answer: The Barclay's 20+ Year Treasury Bond inception date was July 21, 2002. You aren't going to find treasury bond information going
Question: What steps should be taken, if any, when you find out your home's market value is underwater, i.e. worth less than the mortgage owed? Answer: That's easy, keep making
Question: Pensions, why bother? Answer: The stock market at large has about a 4.5% long-term real-real (inflation-fees-etc-adjusted) rate of return. Yes: even in light of the recent crashes. That means
Question: Are there any statistics that support the need for Title Insurance? Answer: I'm really surprised at the answers here. Claims/year per region isn't a statistic that is meaningful here...
Question: Best starting options to invest for retirement without a 401k Answer: There's already an excellent answer here from @BenMiller, but I wanted to expand a bit on Types of
Question: Sale of jointly owned stock Answer: It depends on when she became the shareholder of record. When your wife received the stock, was ownership clearly transferred to her? If
Question: Why would I buy a bond with a negative yield? Answer: Perhaps something else comes with the bond so it is a convertible security. Buffett's Negative-Interest Issues Sell Well
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: Voluntarily assuming a loan is a bad idea, especially for a non-investment purpose. It would be one thing to take on a loan to
Question: How can my friend send $3K to me without using Paypal? Answer: Not to overkill the theres a few more I can think of right now
Question: What is the median retirement savings in the United States today? Answer: Social security and pensions make up a big part of it. You may want to look at
Question: Sales Tax: Rounded Then Totaled or Totaled Then Rounded? Answer: Tax is often calculated per item. Especially in the days of the internet, some items are taxable and some
Question: FOK order type: can they be market or limit orders? Answer: The SEC reference document (PDF) explains order types in more detail. A fill-or-kill order is neither a market
Question: Is there a Canadian credit card which shows holds? Answer: PC MasterCard recently added this as a new feature to their online system. It lets you see "Pending Authorizations"
Question: UK: Personal finance book for a twenty-something Answer: I would always recommend the intelligent investor by Benjamin Graham the mentor of warren buffet once you have a basic knowledge
Question: question about short selling stocks Answer: If you had an agreement with your friend such that you could bring back a substantially similar car, you could sell the car
Question: give free budgeting advice Answer: Legally ok? Sure. Friends frequently discuss financial matters, and share advice. This is quite far from taking money from them and managing it, where
Question: In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house? Answer: Which is generally the better option (financially)? Invest. If you can return 7-8% (less than
Question: How could a company survive just on operations cash flow, i.e. no earnings? Answer: It is true that operation profit comes from gross profit however it is possible for
Question: Asset protection: When should an individual seriously consider shielding their assets? Answer: If your meaning of "asset protection" is buying gold and canned food in the name of a
Question: Can LLC legally lend money to a friend? Answer: Legally, I can't find any reason that the LLC could not lend money to an individual. However, I believe the
Question: What differentiates index funds and ETFs? Answer: I'm assuming the question is about how to compare two ETFs that track the same index. I'd look at (for ETFs --
Question: Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance? Answer: Before you can truly learn, you must unlearn first. I recommend the book "Fooled by Randomness" by
Question: How can I predict which way mortgage rates are moving? Answer: Obviously you can't predict the future too much, but it's not too hard to figure out what is
Question: Make your money work for you Answer: Thats a very open question, Depends on the risk you are willing to take with the money, or the length of time
Question: Does it make sense to refinance a 30 year mortgage to 15 years? Answer: You don't say what the time remaining on the current mortgage is, nor the expense
Question: What are the common income tax deductions used by "rich" salaried households? Answer: From Rich Dad, Poor Dad. 3 Major Things: With rental real estate, in addition to mortgage
Question: Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months? Answer: I know you say you are aware of secured and unsecured debt and you've
Question: What's a good free checking account? Answer: If you want to deposit checks or conduct business at a window, you should look at a local savings bank or credit
Question: Unable to understand logic behind why there is no exit load on liquid fund Answer: Imagine that a fund had a large exit load that declined over several years.
Question: Credit report - Not able to establish identity Answer: I suggest you begin by double checking what kinds of credit products you have and to which credit bureaus your
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: Here's what I'd do: Pay off the cards and medical. Deposit 35k in the best interest bearing accounts
Question: Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period? Answer: a link to this article grabbed my Interest as I was browsing the
Question: What is the opposite of Economic Bubble? Answer: A financial panic is in my mind would be the opposite of a bubble. A bubble is irrational exuberance -- uncontrolled
Question: How can I determine if a FHA loan refinance offer is from a reputable lender Answer: Start with the list of mortgage companies approved to work in your area.
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: Visa card expired while on the other side of the world. Visa from other bank declined for suspected fraud.
Question: ETF S&P 500 with Reinvested Dividend Answer: The problem there is that there's a tax due on that dividend. So, if you wish, you can buy the ETF and
Question: Does investing in a company support it? Answer: As others have said, it simply makes you a part owner. Even if you have ethical objections to a company's behavior,
Question: Where on schedule C should a PO Box Rental fee go? Answer: Turbotax community had a similar question. They claim you just put it into "Office Expense". I never
Question: New company doesn't allow 401k deposits for 6 months, what to do with money I used to deposit? Answer: $9000 over 6 months is great, I'd use it for
Question: Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market? Answer: Given that hedge funds and trading firms employ scores of highly intelligent analysts, programmers, and
Question: How an ETF pays dividend to shareholders if a holding company issues dividend Answer: Dividends are not paid immediately upon reception from the companies owned by an ETF. In
Question: How can I improve my auto insurance score? Answer: Move to a small town in an insurance friendly state. - Certian states like Florida are considered high risk for
Question: How to calculate ownership for property with a partner Answer: I can't quite follow your question, so I'm proceeding under the following assumptions: - You paid 31,000 - Your
Question: Should I open a Roth IRA or invest in the S&P 500? Answer: Anytime you invest in stocks, you do that inside an investment account - such as the
Question: Investing: P/E Ratio basic question Answer: While on the surface it might not make sense to pay more than one dollar to get just one dollar back, the key
Question: Why is economic growth so important? Answer: There is an economic principle called "non-satiation," which translated into plain English means "people always want more." (This was best illustrated in
Question: What is the pitfall of using the Smith maneuver Answer: The catch is that you're doing a form of leveraged investing. In other words, you're gambling on the stock
Question: What is the meaning of "writing put options"? Answer: Writing a put for a stock means you are selling the right to sell you stock. Simply put (er no
Question: How to calculate the rate of return on selling a stock? Answer: Simple math. Take the sale proceeds (after trade expenses) and divide by cost. Subtract 1, and this
Question: Where to invest proceeds from home sale to be used to buy new house within five years? Answer: For a two year time frame, a good insured savings account
Question: Where do web sites get foreign exchange currency rate / quote information? Answer: The prices quoted are for currency pairs traded on the foreign exchange market. For currencies traded
Question: I am Brasilian resident, how to buy shares on NYSE? Answer: There are some brokers in the US who would be happy to open an account for non-US residents,
Question: Why do employer contributions count against HSA limits? Answer: am I comparing apples and oranges? Yes - different purposes, different laws, different regulations. One rationale could be that HSA
Question: Withdrawing cash from investment: take money from underperforming fund? Answer: The root of the advice Bob is being given is from the premise that the market is temporarily down.
Question: Forex independent investments Answer: Unless you are buying a significant value of your goods in USD then the relative strength of USD versus your local currency will have little
Question: What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage? Answer: Your lack of numbers makes the question a difficult read. What I'm hearing is "I want a house requiring
Question: Why are credit cards preferred in the US? Answer: For me, it is mostly for the fraud protection. If I have a debit card and someone makes a fraudulent
Question: Why adjust for inflation annually, as opposed to realising it after the holding period? Answer: I would use neither method. Taking a short example first, with just three compounding
Question: Is there a free, online stock screener for UK stocks? Answer: I use and recommend barchart.com. Again you have to register but it's free. Although it's a US system
Question: Highstreet bank fund, custom ETF or Nutmeg? Answer: And it's only as cheap as 1.78% if you stay with them 10 years! They'd love that. You can kind of
Question: I am turning 18 and I am a Student, I need strategies on building great credit soon. Where should I start? Answer: The details of credit score calculation tend
Question: Virtual currency investment Answer: I don't know much about paypal or bitcoin, but I can provide a little information on BTC(Paypal I thought was just a service for moving
Question: What is the difference between speculating and investing? Answer: Speculation means putting your money on a hunch that some event may occur, depending on current circumstances and some future
Question: Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card? Answer: There are different ways of credit card purchase authorizations. if
Question: No transaction fee ETF trades - what's the catch? Answer: what is the mechanism by which they make money on the funds that I have in my account? Risk
Question: Do the activities of my LLC need to be limited to a particular field? Answer: No. When you file your Articles of Organization, simply state that your business will
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: I've been taking all the cheap fixed-rate debt banks would like to give me lately. What Rate?
Question: How to gift money anonymously to an individual after collection thru a donation site? Answer: In the US the best way to solve the problem, IMHO, would be via
Question: Why are there many small banks and more banks in the U.S.? Answer: Wikipedia has a good summary: Historically, branch banking in the United States - especially interstate branch
Question: Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met? Answer: I've used BigCharts (now owned by MarketWatch.com) for a while and really like them. Their tools
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: First of all, never ask a realtor for advice. The realtor represents the SELLER. Blankip's advice above is by far
Question: Which graduate student loans are preferable? Answer: All new loans must be originated from the direct loan program. In most cases, the Stafford loan is better, as the rate
Question: How to protect a Stock you still want to own from a downturn? Answer: If you really believe in the particular stocks, then don't worry about their daily price.
Question: How to decide if I should take my money with me or leave it invested in my home country? Answer: I will attempt to answer three separate questions here:
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: You should constantly look at your investment portfolio and sell based on future outlook. Don't get emotional. Selling a portfolio
Question: Receive money from US Client to Myself in India by selling services Answer: You can receive funds from US Client as an individual. There is no legal requirement for
Question: Why is the stock market closed on the weekend? Answer: While a lot of trading is executed by computers, a substantial amount is still done at the behest of
Question: How to Create Personal Balance Sheet and Budget Plan for Several Accounts Answer: As your financial situation becomes more complex, it becomes increasingly more difficult to keep track of
Question: Buying a more expensive house as a tax shelter (larger interest deduction)? Answer: Depending on the state you live in paying interest on a mortgage opens up other tax
Question: Which dividend bearing stock should be chosen by price? Answer: A 20% dividend yield in most companies would make me very suspicious. Most dividend yields are in the 2-3%
Question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing Answer: Organize your expenses in order of the rate of return, and pay them in that order. By far the
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: A bank is unlikely to provide a 'command line' interface because typical users consider a graphical interface easier
Question: What is the meaning of "short selling" or "going short" a stock? Answer: This is a gross simplification as there are a few different ways to do this. The
Question: Should I invest $35,000 for 3-5 months? [duplicate] Answer: Yes, and there are several ways, the safest is a high-yield savings account which will return about 1% yearly, so
Question: How should I decide whether to buy more shares of a stock when its price drops? Answer: There is no way to find out what future will be if
Question: Where can I find historical United States treasury note volume? Answer: The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) publishes these and other relevant data on their Statistics page,
Question: When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency? Answer: I can't see it happening because most of the population seems to be against it, even
Question: What is the best approach to save money for College for three kids? Answer: I'm not a 'rule of thumb' guy, but here, I'd suggest that if you can
Question: Joining a company being acquired Answer: Is there anything I need to ask or consider during my negotiation process based on the fact that they probably will soon be
Question: Alternatives to Intuit's PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment? Answer: Ally bank has a free billpay service where you have the option of paying bills via
Question: Can my rent to own equity be used as a downpayment? Answer: I do not think the bank would consider the 52K as equity. Typically, a rent-to-own lease is
Question: Does reading financial statements (quarterly or annual reports) really help investing? Answer: Reading financial statements is important, in the sense that it gives you a picture of whether revenues
Question: Can I deduct my individual Health Insurance Premium in Tax Answer: Yes, you can. See the instructions for line 29 of form 1040. Self employed health insurance premiums are
Question: buying a stock while the price is going down, and buy it at a lower price Answer: In the US, it is perfectly legal to execute what you've described.
Question: How do I go about finding an honest & ethical financial advisor? Answer: I think the other answers raise good points. But to your question, "How do I find
Question: Does borrowing from my 401(k) make sense in my specific circumstance? Answer: Your comment regarding your existing finances is very relevant and helpful. You need to understand that generally
Question: How would I use Google Finance to find financial data about LinkedIn & its stock? Answer: When fundamentals such as P/E make a stock look overpriced, analysts often point
Question: JCI headache part 1: How to calculate cost basis / tax consequences of JCI -> TYC merger? Answer: The $47.67 per share figure is the trading price, or fair
Question: Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing Answer: Money is a tool. Here is an "oversimplified" order of investments:
Question: What's the purpose of having separate checking and savings accounts? Answer: For some people, it's easier to stick to a budget if they have separate checking and savings accounts
Question: Technical Analysis not working Answer: You cannot just read one book and some articles on Technical Analysis and some indicators and expect to be an expert and everything to
Question: Is a fixed-price natural gas or electricity contract likely to save money? Answer: I would argue: Because the company only offers you this if it can make money from
Question: What do brokers do with bad stock? Answer: Market makers, traders, and value investors would be who I'd suspect for buying the stock that is declining. Some companies stocks
Question: Foreign Earned Income Exclusion - Service vs. Product? Answer: Fear tactics posted above, likely by IRS agents. Yes, you qualify based on the residence test. You perform your work
Question: Explanations on credit cards in Canada Answer: If so, it seems to me that this system is rather error prone. By that I mean I could easily forget to
Question: UK Resident exploring freelance work for a Swiss Company Answer: If the firm treats you as an employee then they are treated as having a place of business in
Question: Sole proprietorship or LLC? Answer: The primary advantage is protection of your personal assets. If your LLC gets sued, they can't take your house/car/dog/wife. There aren't really any financial
Question: Online Foreign Exchange Brokerages: Which ones are good & reputable for smaller trades? Answer: There are many good brokers available in the market and many spammers too. Personally I
Question: Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro "Social Trading Network" using a "CFD"? Answer: Is eToro legitimate? If you have any doubts about eToro or other
Question: How to help a financially self destructive person? Answer: Back in the day, they had a highly effective solution for this type of crap, but it is frowned upon
Question: Break Even On Options Contracts Answer: Simple answer: Breakeven is when the security being traded reaches a price equal to the cost of the option plus the option's strike
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: There are several aspects to this but at a high level it boils down to A
Question: Claiming business expense from personal credit card Answer: or just input it in my accounting software along with receipts, and then when I'm doing taxes this would go under
Question: Can we compare peer-to-peer loans to savings accounts? Answer: That argument is an argument for investing generally, not peer-to-peer lending per se, and the argument as phrased ("thus you
Question: Are non-residents or foreigners permitted to buy or own shares of UK companies? Answer: Yes it is legal, in fact according to statistics.gov.uk, foreign investors are the largest holders
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: FTSE ethical investment index: http://www.ftse.com/products/indices/FTSE4Good "The FTSE4Good Index is a series of
Question: Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchange? Answer: I don't believe you can do that. From the IRS: Finally, certain types of property are specifically
Question: As a young adult, what can I be doing with my excess income? Answer: If I were you I would just save the money until I had at least
Question: Cheapest way to wire or withdraw money from US account while living in Europe Answer: I prefer to use a Foreign Exchange transfer service. You will get a good
Question: Why do people sell when demand pushes share price up? Answer: If the price has gone up from what it was when the person bought, he may sell to
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: Time is money. If those hours spent researching to save $3 made you a better profit than
Question: Is it true that if I work 6 months per year, it is better than to work for 1 calendar year and take a break for 1 year? Answer:
Question: Should I finance a used car or pay cash? Answer: Unless you are getting better than a 2.95% return on that money market account. Pay cash. That's the purely
Question: Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage? Answer: I came up with a real way. I saw once the market be so dumb as to allow
Question: How long do credit cards keep working after you disappear? Answer: Generally speaking the bank accounts and credit card accounts remain open. Banks and the credit card companies don't
Question: What is good growth? Answer: If your question is truly just What is good growth? Is there a target return that's accepted as good? I assumed 8% (plus transaction
Question: Should I buy a house because Mortgage rates are low Answer: How can people afford 10% mortgage? Part of the history of housing prices was the non-bubble component of
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: There are few main reasons I can think of that the salesperson would do this: A lot of people assume it's the 3rd
Question: How feasible would it be to retire just maxing out a Roth IRA? Answer: I wouldn't settle for 10%, and I certainly wouldn't settle for a Roth. I'd recommend
Question: What is the maximum I can have stored in a traditional 401(k) and a Roth 401(k)? Answer: I've never seen anything in any IRS publication that placed limits on
Question: I have around 60K $. Thinking about investing in Oil, how to proceed? Answer: This is only a partial answer to your question #1. If you have a conservative
Question: When to sell stock losers Answer: If you have someplace to put the money which you think will yield significantly better returns, by all means sell and buy that.
Question: Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income? Answer: I would suggest to buy your own printer, and calculate the cost for a page including the wear
Question: When after a companys IPO date can I purchase shares? Answer: You can purchase stock immediately in the open market on the day of the IPO when market opens.
Question: What is the purpose of the wash sale rule? Answer: Equal sized gains and losses in alternating years would lead to an unjust positive tax. On the contrary. If
Question: Changing Bank Account Number regularly to reduce fraud Answer: Couple of my friends went through a fraud agent who ran off with their money and the landlords were none
Question: Foreign currency conversion for international visitors to ecommerce web site? Answer: You probably can get away with only updating the exchange rates once a day and specify that any
Question: Paying taxes on dividends even though your capital gains were $0? Answer: How and why is this considered fair (and/or legal)? Let's use an analogy. The issue is not
Question: What mix of credit lines and loans is optimal for my credit score? Answer: Over time, you'll have more loans, maybe a few store cards, mortgage, car loan, etc.
Question: Additional credit card with different limit on same account? Answer: You can look into getting a business credit card. When I had my Chase business credit card, I could
Question: Why do stock exchanges close at night? Answer: I believe there are electronic exchanges that run continuously, but the older ones don't want to change their practices since some
Question: devastated with our retirement money that we have left Answer: When you say: I am 48 and my husband is 54. We have approx. 60,000.00 left in our retirement
Question: What's the purpose of having separate checking and savings accounts? Answer: Additionally, it used to be the case that savings accounts would have a noticeably higher interest than checking
Question: Corporate Equity Draw vs Income Answer: You tagged with S-Corp, so I assume that you have that tax status. Under that situation, you don't get taxed on distributions regardless
Question: Rolled over husband's 401(k) to IRA after his death. Can I deduct a loss since? Answer: I trust the 401(k) was a traditional, pre tax account. There was no
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: When you say "promptly paying off the outstanding balance", do you mean you
Question: What's the fuss about Credit Score / History? Answer: Credit Unions have long advocated their services based on the fact that they consider your "character." Unfortunately, they are then
Question: What does it mean to invest in potatoes? Answer: In order for a commodity to be offered as a future, the exact specifications must be specified by the exchange.
Question: Is avoiding fees commonly found with CFD trading possible? Answer: The fees with trading CFDs are usually lower than standard share trading. There is usually no joining fee to
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: If you can still work, I think a very good course of action would be
Question: Do dividend quotes for U.S. stocks include witheld taxes? Answer: The dividend quoted on a site like the one you linked to on Yahoo shows what 1 investor owning
Question: What is the meaning of the net worth of a person? Answer: An individual's net worth is the value of the person's assets minus his debt. To find your
Question: Can a company block a specific person from buying its stock? Answer: The answer to this question is given by the fact that many public companies have people who
Question: What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations? Answer: One point I don't see above: Consumer's Union (the nonprofit which publishes Consumer Reports) has
Question: Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Answer: The more you put down now, the less money you are borrowing. 30yrs of interest adds up. Even
Question: How much power does a CEO have over a public company? Answer: If Steve Jobs [Tim Cook] were to decide to try to kill Apple, does he have the
Question: How do used vehicle exchange programs at car dealerships work? Answer: Yikes! Not always is this the case... For example, you purchased a new car with an interest rate
Question: How to get rid of someone else's debt collector? Answer: I have been in a similar position for quite a while now and the only thing that seems to
Question: Mutual fund invests in mostly the same stuff as ETF, but has much higher expense ratio? (biotech sector) Answer: Index funds, like IBB, generally lack active management, which equates
Question: Should I invest in my house, when it's in my wife's name? Answer: I'm not going to speculate on the nature of your relationship with your wife, but the
Question: Do credit ratings (by Moody's, S&P, and Fitch) have any relevance? Answer: They've pretty much shot any credibility they possessed. Follow the money.
Question: What publicly available software do professional stock traders use for stock analysis? Answer: Factset also provides a host of tools for analysis. Not many people know as they aren't
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: There are two parts to this. Firstly, if you are also living in the property you have
Question: Does gold's value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined? Answer: Like anything else, the price/value of gold is driven by supply and
Question: I have $10,000 sitting in an account making around $1 per month interest, what are some better options? Answer: I disagree with most of the answers here so far
Question: Would there be tax implications if I used AirBnB as opposed to just renting out a unit normally? Answer: It actually depends on the services provided. If you're renting
Question: Is it better to wait for a market downturn to do a Roth conversion? Answer: On average, the market will be down 1 year out of 4. 26 of
Question: Dividend yield for multiple years? Answer: I've recently discovered that Morningstar provides 5yr avgs of a few numbers, including dividend yield, for free. For example, see the right-hand column
Question: Is it wise to invest small amounts of money short-term? Answer: This is slightly opinion based. Is it appropriate to invest small amounts for short periods of time? At
Question: What are the differences among all these different versions of Vivendi? Answer: VIV.PA - is Vivendi listed on a stock exchange in Paris VIVEF - is Vivendi listed on
Question: Is dividend included in EPS Answer: Not quite. The EPS is noted as ttm, which means trailing twelve months --- so the earnings are taken from known values over
Question: Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics? Answer: Having no utilization makes you an outlier, it's an unusual
Question: Why does the biotechnology industry have such a high PE ratio? Answer: If you look at the biotech breakdown, you'll find a lot of NAs when it comes to
Question: Are variable rate loans ever a good idea? Answer: It is often the case (more commonly in countries other than the USA) that a fixed-term loan has an early
Question: Figuring flood insurance into financing cost Answer: Self-insure a $250K+ house that's deemed to be in a flood zone? Wake up, have coffee. If you don't change your mind,
Question: What is the preferred way to set up personal finances? Answer: The absolute best advice I ever received was this: You will need three categories of savings in your
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: 0% furniture loans can hurt your credit rating. I was told by a bank mortgage
Question: Mutual Funds Definition and Role Answer: Mutual funds buy (and sell) shares in companies in accordance with the policies set forth in their prospectus, not according to the individual
Question: Are tax deductions voluntary? Answer: I did a little research and found this article from 2006 by a Villanova law professor, titled "No Thanks, Uncle Sam, You Can Keep
Question: Are warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam's Club worth it? Answer: Only select items. First - I agree, beware the Goldfish Factor - any of those items may very
Question: Should I deduct or capitalize the cost to replace a water heater in my rental property? (details Below) Answer: If you're repairing an existing appliance - its an expense.
Question: How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage? Answer: I agree with everyone who has simply told you 'Dont' and 'You
Question: How do I tell the Canada Revenue Agency that they're sending someone else's documents to my address? Answer: Maybe just put all his correspondence back in the Post Box
Question: What determines deal price on stock exchange? [duplicate] Answer: Price is decided by what shares are offered at what prices and who blinks first. The buyer and seller are
Question: How can Schwab afford to refund all my ATM fees? Answer: Like a lot of businesses, they win on the averages, which means lucrative customers subsidize the money-losers. This
Question: Investment strategy for retired couple Answer: The safest investment in the United States is Treasures. The Federal Reserve just increased the short term rate for the first time in
Question: Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year? Answer: Yes. The definition of unreasonable shows as "not guided by or based on good sense." 100% years require
Question: Real Estate: Please review my recent investment (with numbers from recent purchase) Answer: You question is a bit scary to me. You show $2100 rent, and let's even assume
Question: Is there a benefit, long term, to life insurance for a youngish, debt, and dependent free person? Answer: If there are no dependents, there is no need for life
Question: First time investing advice (Canada) Answer: Question One: Question Two: Your best reference for this would be a brokerage account with data privileges in the markets you wish to
Question: What can cause rent prices to fall? Answer: Sure! Anything that affects the balance of supply and demand could cause rent prices to fall. I'll betcha rent prices in
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: Credit Sesame monitors your credit score for free. My understanding is that they make their money off
Question: Tax On Unsold Mined Bitcoin Answer: And directly from IRS notice 2014-21 FAQ: Q-1: How is virtual currency treated for federal tax purposes? A-1: For federal tax purposes, virtual
Question: As a total beginner, how do I begin to understand finance & stocks? Answer: Your understanding of the stock market is absolutely correct theoretically. However there is a lot
Question: Should I re-allocate my portfolio now or let it balance out over time? Answer: I would not sell unless the stock is starting to fall in price. If you
Question: Technical Analysis not working Answer: I would echo @Victor's comments. One book and 1000 web pages doesnt make you a good investor/trader. There are some basic things you should
Question: What's the benefit of a credit card with an annual fee, vs. a no-fee card? Answer: How would you respond to these cases: Limited card options - If someone
Question: When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency? Answer: In many countries in Europe the prices shot through the roof, so it is not all
Question: Growth rate plus dividend yieid total? Answer: Avoiding the complexities of tax [dividends likely taxed the year they are received, barring special tax accounts which many countries implement in
Question: Iraqi Dinars. Bad Investment, or Worst Investment? Answer: Currency, like gold and other commodities, isn't really much of an investment at all. It doesn't actually generate any return. Its
Question: Who sets the price and provides the quoted price values for stocks? Answer: The "price" is the price of the last transaction that actually took place. According to Motley
Question: What's the fuss about Credit Score / History? Answer: If human beings were Homo Economicus, i.e. textbook rational and self-interested economic-minded beings, as opposed to simply human, then yes,
Question: Primary Residence to Investment Property - Changing PMI Terms Answer: Do you now own your new home, or are you renting? This is a classic case of a mortgage
Question: How aggressive should my personal portfolio be? Answer: You're completely missing the most important thing you can do: minimize fees.
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: What are your goals in life? If one of them is to appear wealthy then
Question: How should I value personal use television for donation? Answer: The usual lazy recommendation: See what similar objects, in similar condition, of similar age, have sold for recently on
Question: Lump sum annuity distribution  do I owe estate tax? Answer: There can be Federal estate tax as well as State estate tax due on an estate, but it
Question: Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts & calls work, simply? Answer: In addition to all these great answers, check out the Wikipedia entry on options. The most
Question: Apartment Security Deposit refunds in Maryland Answer: In Maryland, a landlord must hold your security deposit in an escrow account and pay you interest when returning the deposit. The
Question: Resources on Buying Rental Properties Answer: In no particular order - to help you on deciding whether to invest or not: Building Wealth One House at a Time Buy
Question: Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met? Answer: Yes, there are plenty of sites that will do this for you. Yahoo, and MarketWatch are
Question: How are long-term/short-term capital gains tax calculated on restricted stock? Answer: Fidelity has a good explanation of Restricted Stock Awards: For grants that pay in actual shares, the employees
Question: New car price was negotiated as a "cash deal". Will the price change if I finance instead? Answer: There is no rule that says the dealer has to honor
Question: Automatic investments for cheap Answer: For your purposes, I would recommend using direct investment in a no-load mutual fund. I mostly use Vanguard and would recommend them. They just
Question: Search index futures in Yahoo Finance or Google Finance Answer: Neither site offers index futures or options pricing. Your best best is likely to get the quote from a
Question: Financial implications of purchasing a first home? Answer: Congrats! Make sure you nail down NOW what happens to the house should you eventually separate. I know lots of unmarried
Question: What is the best way to get cash from my retirement accounts for a home down payment? Answer: Given that utilizing all the funds available to you drains your
Question: Are BIC and SWIFT code the same things? Answer: BIC and IBANN are used in EU (and some other OECD countries) for inter bank transfers. SWIFT is used everywhere
Question: Make your money work for you Answer: First of all, never is too late to develop good habits. So, you know what you want to do and you are
Question: How is not paying off mortgage better in normal circumstances? Answer: There are several reasons:
Question: Does a stock really dip in price on the ex-dividend date? And why would it do this? Answer: Suppose the price didn't drop on the ex-dividend date. Then people
Question: Could the loan officer deny me even if I have the money as a first time home buyer? Answer: Ive been in the mortgage business for nearly 15 years.
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: Is there anyway to salvage my investment for short-term?
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: I'm going to suggest a slightly different approach. Most answers seem to suggest paying off the lower
Question: Dividend vs Growth Stocks for young investors Answer: In financial theory, there is no reason for a difference in investor return to exist between dividend paying and non-dividend paying
Question: Does the CRA reprieve those who have to commute for work? Answer: The answer on the Canadian Government's website is pretty clear: Most employees cannot claim employment expenses. You
Question: Why does it take two weeks (from ex-date) for dividends to pay out? Answer: So from Investopedia - Who actually declares a dividend states that the Board of Directors
Question: How to choose a good 401(k) investment option? Answer: There are a lot of funds that exist only to feed people's belief that existing funds are not diversified or
Question: Are there any statistics that support the need for Title Insurance? Answer: The point of title insurance is that when you buy a house, it is possible that you
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: Look for discounts from
Question: Interest on security deposits paid to landlords, in Michigan? Answer: NO. The legislation requires the landlord to deposit it in a bank. Check out pages 7-10 of the linked
Question: How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions? Answer: It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to save up and wait
Question: A debt collector will not allow me to pay a debt, what steps should I take? Answer: This doesn't seem to explain the odd behavior of the collector, but
Question: Methods for forecasting price? Answer: It's not impossible to forecast the future price of a commodity. However, it's exactly that; an educated guess, much like the weather, and the
Question: What are the top "market conditions" to follow? Answer: Check out http://garynorth.com if you have $15/month. Or at least subscribe to his free newsletters (Tip of the Week, Reality
Question: Why would selling off some stores improve a company's value? Answer: I'd like to modify the "loss" idea that's been mentioned in the other two answers. I don't think
Question: How can people have such high credit card debts? Answer: In the United States, when applying for credit cards, proof of income is on an honor system. You can
Question: Are AAA private-sector corporate bonds safer than government bonds? Answer: Haven't there been examples of governments defaulting, delaying payment and imposing haircuts on investors? Greece and Argentina come to
Question: moving family deposits away from Greece (possibly in UK) Answer: I think you can do it as long as those money don't come from illegal activities (money laundering, etc).
Question: Why is it rational to pay out a dividend? Answer: Firstly, investors love dividend paying company as dividends are proof of making profit (sometimes dividend can be paid out
Question: Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership? Answer: As others have addressed the legality in their answers, I want
Question: If NYSE has market makers, what is the role of NYSE ARCA which is an ECN Answer: I would say it's a bit more complicated than that. Do you
Question: Is the contribution towards Employment Insurance (EI) wasted if I never get fired, or are my premiums refunded? Answer: Actually, most insurance policies DON'T have a cash value if
Question: If I want to take cash from Portugal to the USA, should I exchange my money before leaving or after arriving? Answer: You can find lots of answers to
Question: Should one invest in smaller valued shares in higher amounts, or higher valued shares in smaller amounts? Answer: Short answer: No, it only matters if you want to use
Question: What should a 21 year old do with 60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance? Answer: The above answers are great. I would only add to the "rainy day" part, that even
Question: What can a CPA do that an EA cannot, and vice versa? Answer: Enrolled Agents typically specialize only in tax matters. Their status allows them to represent clients before
Question: Problems with Enterprise Value and better valuation techniques Answer: This is an example from another field, real estate. Suppose you buy a $100,000 house with a 20 percent down
Question: What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out? Answer: I remember my Finance Professor at b-school answering this
Question: What are the real risks in "bio-technology" companies? Answer: Note: My sister works for one of the largest clinical development, testing, and commercialization companies so I know some of
Question: What taxes are involved for LLC in Georgia? Answer: Your best course of action is to gather your paperwork, ask around your personal network for a recommendation for a
Question: Is it financially advantageous and safe to rent out my personal car? Answer: I'm going to address a couple of extra issues over and above mhoran_psprep's great answer. Insurance
Question: Employer skipped payments, should I allow them to defer payment until Jan 2017? Answer: TL;DR: The difference is $230. Just for fun, and to illustrate how brackets work, let's
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: Manage the fuel consumption price: check the pattern of fuel prices if you can for your area.
Question: How should I invest my money as a young graduate in Europe? Answer: Before starting with investing, you should make sure you are saving enough. Living in a welfare
Question: Which banks have cash-deposit machines in Germany? Answer: This may not answer your question but it may be an alternative. My credit union credits my account for deposits immediately
Question: Joining a company being acquired Answer: The best answer I can give is - be prepared for change. There's no perfect question you can ask or assurance you can
Question: Economics of buy-to-let (investment) flats Answer: but the flat would be occupied all the time. Famous last words. Are you prepared to have a tenant move in, and stop
Question: Does a withdrawal of $10000 for 1st home purchase count against Roth IRA basis? Answer: TL;DR: No, it doesn't count against the Roth IRA basis. You can find out
Question: Can you explain "time value of money" and "compound interest" and provide examples of each? Answer: Here are some really excellent video tutorials on these topics: Introduction to Compound
Question: Trying to understand Return on Capital (Joel Greenblatt's Magic Formula version) Answer: I've spent enough time researching this question where I feel comfortable enough providing an answer. I'll start
Question: "Business day" and "due date" for bills Answer: I don't believe Saturday is a business day either. When I deposit a check at a bank's drive-in after 4pm Friday,
Question: Investment property refinance following a low appraisal? Answer: Definitely don't borrow from your 401K. If you quit or get laid off, you have to repay the whole amount back
Question: Where to start with personal finance? Answer: First thing I'd say is don't start with investing. The foundation of solid finances is cash flow. Making more than you spend,
Question: At what point do index funds become unreliable? Answer: As more actively managed funds are driven out of the market, the pricing of individual stocks should become less rational.
Question: Can you buy out a pink sheet listed company by purchasing all of the oustanding shares? Answer: I suggest you contact head of the company your are interested in,
Question: Wash sales + restricted stock in USA: grant date or vesting date? Answer: The vesting date. Look at publication 525, under stock options, where they talk about ESPP: Your
Question: Figuring out an ideal balance to carry on credit cards [duplicate] Answer: The fact that you pay the bill reliably is going to count more for your credit rating
Question: Does the low CAD positively or negatively impact Canadian Investors? Answer: If you buy US stocks when the CAD is high and sell them when the CAD is lower
Question: Is my financial plan for buying a house logically sound Answer: As a rental, this is not an ideal set of numbers. You manage to show a $255 'gain'
Question: Dealer Financing Fell Through on vehicle purchase: Scam? Answer: There's a good explanation of this type of scam at the following link; It's known as a Spot-Delivery scam. https://www.carbuyingtips.com/top-10-scams/scam1.htm
Question: Comparing the present value of total payment today and partial payments over 3 months Answer: I got $3394.83 The first problem with this is that it is backwards. The
Question: Is it worth it to buy TurboTax Premier over Deluxe if I sold investments in a taxable account? Answer: I have found that using the online version can help
Question: using credit card and paying back quickly Answer: I can't speak for every credit card, but I know two of mine don't have overage fees. The transaction either goes
Question: Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? Answer: It's possible to make money in the market - even millions if you "play your
Question: Are wash sale rules different for stocks and ETFs / Mutual Funds? Answer: No, there's nothing special in mutual funds or ETFs. Wash sale rules apply to any asset.
Question: Most common types of financial scams an individual investor should beware of? Answer: Anything where the initial step of someone trying to get you into anything financial is to
Question: How to exclude stock from mutual fund Answer: Mutual funds invest according to their prospectus. If they declare that they match the investments to a certain index - then
Question: Are credit histories/scores international? Answer: It's not just that credit history is local; it's that it's a private business run for profit. The "big three" credit bureaus in the
Question: Asset allocation when retirement is already secure Answer: he general advice I get is that the younger you are the more higher risk investments you should include in your
Question: Are traders 100% responsible for a stock's price changes? Answer: Yes, the value of a stock is completely, 100% determined by what people are willing to pay for it
Question: What happens when a calendar spread is assigned in a non-margin account? Answer: I can't speak for all brokerages but the one I use requires cash accounts to have
Question: Why could the serious financial woes of some EU member states lead to the end of the Euro? Answer: The Euro is a common currency between various countries in
Question: Multiple people interested in an Apartment Answer: I don't know how many people "a ton" is, but if you are getting more than, say, 6 people who are qualified
Question: Why are options created? Answer: The main reason is that you move from the linear payoff structure to a non-linear one. This is called convexity in finance. With options
Question: Does a bond etf drop by the amount of the dividend just like an equity etf Answer: No, they do not. Stock funds and bonds funds collect income dividends
Question: Do the proceeds from selling an option immediately convert to buying power in a margin account? Answer: I'd say yes, and hope that my anecdotal evidence serves as proof.
Question: Advice on what to do with my equity? Answer: What to do with your equity? Leave it alone...
Question: Uni-Select (UNS.TO) Market Cap Incorrect? Answer: Note that your link shows the shares as of March 31, 2016 while http://uniselect.com/content/files/Press-release/Press-Release-Q1-2016-Final.pdf notes a 2-for-1 stock split so thus you have
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: I reread your question. You are not asking about the validity of selling a particular stock after a bit of
Question: As a young adult, what can I be doing with my excess income? Answer: You apparently assume that pouring money into a landlord's pocket is a bad thing. Not
Question: Why is short-selling considered more "advanced" than a simple buy? Answer: In addition to the higher risk as pointed out by @JamesRoth, you also need to consider that there
Question: Does dividend on 401K have any effect on gains Answer: It appears from your description that the 401k account has the automatic dividend reinvestment policy, and that the end
Question: What's the difference between a high yield dividend stock vs a growth stock? Answer: If you are looking to re-invest it in the same company, there is really no
Question: Is it a gift or not? Answer: The IRS definition of gift you quoted has "full consideration ... received in return". If your friend's help is not contingent upon
Question: Does material nonpublic information cover knowledge of unannounced products? Answer: So is knowledge of unannounced products simply not considered material nonpublic information? Well "material" is relative but it certainly
Question: Can we estimate the impact of a large buy order on the share price? Answer: I may be underestimating your knowledge of how exchanges work; if so, I apologize.
Question: What is the purpose of property tax? Answer: Property taxes, where they exist, are generally levied by cities, counties and other local-level administrative bodies like MUDs, and are the
Question: Clarification of Inflation according to Forbes Answer: Inflation can be a misleading indicator. Partly because it is not measured as a function of the change in prices of everything
Question: Does setting up a company for your own improves credibility? Answer: The key here is that you are defacto running your own company no matter if you acknowledge it
Question: How do margins on tracker mortgages (variable rate mortages) vary over time? Answer: how do these margins vary over time Depends on a lot of factors. The bank's financial
Question: What sort of tax treatment does a charitable micro-lending loan incur? Answer: Lending is not a charitable contribution. Its an investment. If the loan becomes a bad debt -
Question: How to get rid of someone else's debt collector? Answer: Step 1)I answer the phone saying it is illegal to call my cell phone and I want all further
Question: How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year's Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap! Answer: I came across an
Question: Changing the price in a limit order Answer: This depends on the stock exchange in question. Generally if you modify an existing order [including GTC], these are internally treated
Question: For a major expensive home renovation (e.g. addition, finished basement, or new kitchen) should one pay cash or finance with a loan? Would such a loan be "good" debt?
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: Credit is very important even if you are wealthy. One thing you may not realize is that rich people
Question: Do the tax consequences make it worth it for me to hold ESPP stock? Answer: Your gain is $1408. The difference between 32% of your gain and 15% of
Question: How can the Samsung Upgrade Programme offer 0% APR? Answer: The financing is built into the price. I do not have hard facts, but I strongly suspect that very
Question: Understanding the symbols next to the Ticker Answer: BATS here means your data feed is coming from BATS only. You're not seeing up to date prices from NASDAQ, NYSE
Question: What are pros and cons of volatility trading over directional stock trading Answer: Can't totally agree with that. Volatility trading is just one trading type of many. In my
Question: How much should I save up per trade? Answer: I'd answer it this way: What do you want to do? I'd say any amount is acceptable from as low
Question: Roth IRA all in one fund, or not? [duplicate] Answer: First, you should diversify your portfolio. If your entire portfolio is in the Roth IRA, then you should eventually
Question: Is it easier for brokers to find shares to short in premarket? Answer: I don't think that the trading volume would impact a broker's ability to find shares to
Question: How can home buying be considered a sound investment with all of that interest that needs to be paid? Answer: Housing prices are inseparable from the job market of
Question: What am I actually buying when trading in CFDs Answer: CFDs (Contracts for Difference) are basically a contract between you and the broker on the difference in price of
Question: Can a company charge you for services never requested or received? Answer: In general, you can only be charged for services if there is some kind of contract. The
Question: What does negative Total Equity means in McDonald's balance sheet? Answer: what does negative Total Equity means in McDonald's balance sheet? It means that their liabilities exceed their total
Question: How (or is it necessary) to rebalance a 401k with only one index fund? Answer: There's nothing to rebalance, the index fund rebalances itself to continue matching the index.
Question: What will my taxes be as self employed? Answer: The amount of the income taxes you will owe depends upon how much income you have, after valid business expenses,
Question: Resources on Buying Rental Properties Answer: The book HOLD: How to Find, Buy, and Rent Houses for Wealth by Chader et al. was one of the best I've read
Question: BoA Closed my Accounts and Froze my Funds. How can I get money back besides cashier's check? Answer: I'd suggest you contact the Office of the Controller of Currency,
Question: why is the money withdrawn from traditional IRA taxed at the ordinary income tax rate? Answer: This is actually (to me) an interesting point to note. While the answer
Question: How to chose index funds, mutual funds from a plethora of options (TD Ameritrade) Answer: One thing to be aware of when choosing mutual funds and index ETFs is
Question: What does it mean to long convexity of options? Answer: Long convexity is achieved by owning long dated low delta options. When a significant move occurs in the underlying
Question: Can I use an HSA to pay financed payments for LASIK? Answer: From HSA Resources - I understand that I can reimburse myself from my HSA for qualified medical
Question: Should I pay more into company pension, or is there a better way to save? Answer: In the UK you have an allowance of 40,000 per annum for tax
Question: Why do people build a stock portfolio if one could get a higher return from bank interest than dividend per annum? Answer: Large companies whose shares I was looking
Question: How do i get into investing stocks [duplicate] Answer: 50 (dollars, Euros?) is a very small amount to invest. The first time I ever bought stock I picked a
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: When you're debt free everything you own feels different. The lack of financial stress in your life goes
Question: What factors make someone buy or sell a stock? Answer: why sell? Because the stock no longer fits your strategy. Or you've lost faith in the company. In our
Question: What economic growth rate is required to halve U.S. unemployment? Answer: I'm reminded of Say's Law (developed by Jean-Baptiste Say) which can best be reduced to: The market clears
Question: Optimal Asset Allocation Answer: There are a couple of reasons to diversify your assets. First, since we cannot predict which of our investments will perform best, we want to
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: Chiming in with other answers that incriminate market
Question: How to pay taxes on YouTube if I'm a dependent? Answer: The Form 1040 (U.S. tax return form) Instructions has a section called "Do You Have To File?". Below
Question: What are "preferred" stocks? How are they different from normal (common) stocks? Answer: I seem not to be able to comment on the first answer due to reputation, so
Question: What am I actually buying when trading in CFDs Answer: The economic effect of a CFD from your point of view is very close to the effect of owning
Question: Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store? Answer: Since you have a credit card, I recommend you use
Question: Is Stock Trading legal for a student on F-1 Visa in USA? [duplicate] Answer: It is absolutely legal. While studying on a F-1 you would typically be considered a
Question: Can I use same stock broker to buy stocks from different stock markets? Answer: In the US there is only one stock market (ignoring penny stocks) and handfuls of
Question: Can a high down-payment on a house offset the need for proof of income? Answer: It's difficult to provide an exact answer as this will very much depend on
Question: Is there a mathematical formula to determine a stock's price at a given time? Answer: A stock market is just that, a market place where buyers and sellers come
Question: Why is the highest quintile the only quintile whose wealth exceeds its income? Answer: In a business environment, this phenomenon could be easily explained by 'operational leverage'. Operational leverage
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: I have been in this situation and I essentially went for the
Question: Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets? Answer: Why use spreadsheets rather than writing your forms and formulas directly in a programming lanuage? Because you've got
Question: ~$75k in savings - Pay off house before new home? Answer: With an annual income of $120,000 you can be approved for a $2800 monthly payment on your mortgage.
Question: In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house? Answer: Forget, for the moment, which will pay off most over the long term. Consider risk
Question: Should I always hold short term bonds till maturity? Answer: Risk is reduced but isn't zero The default risk is still there, the issuer can go bankrupt, and you
Question: Buying and selling the same stock Answer: Elaborating on kelsham's answer: You buy 100 shares XYZ at $1, for a total cost of $100 plus commissions. You sell 100
Question: What is a good price to "Roll" a Covered Call? Answer: If the call is in the money and you believe the reason for the price jump was an
Question: New car price was negotiated as a "cash deal". Will the price change if I finance instead? Answer: Yes, he can retract the offer - it was a cash-only
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: Since these are specific items that you don't really want to buy, it might help to figure out
Question: CEO entitlement from share ownership? Answer: You can apply for a position with any company you like, whether or not you are a shareholder. However, owning shares in a
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: Paper trail of who did the deposit. Less significant for a personal account, but a bigger deal for accounts that
Question: Cash out 401k for house downpayment Answer: Does it ever make sense? Yes, but almost never. If you're in a situation where you're invested in something with low rates
Question: us citizen receiving bank transfer from foreign boyfriend Answer: No, any gifts you receive are not taxable to you. In fact, losing money in a scam (as this sure
Question: What types of careers consistently make the most money entering with no background or social skills? Answer: You may think it sucks to have learned a crap ton of
Question: When do I sell a stock that I hold as a long-term position? Answer: For what it's worth -- and I realize this isn't directly an answer to the
Question: What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments? Answer: Pete and Noah addressed the math, showing how this is, in effect, converting a 30yr to a ~23yr mortgage, at a
Question: How do I get into investing in stocks? Answer: In addition to the advice already given (particularly getting rid of high-interest debt), I would add the following:
Question: Tools to evaluate REITs Answer: REIT's are a different beast than your normal corporate stock (such as $AAPL). Here is a good article to get you started. From there
Question: Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career? Answer: First, congratulations on even thinking about investing while you are still young! Before you start
Question: Looking for good investment vehicle for seasonal work and savings Answer: Most online "high yield" savings accounts are paying just above 1%. That would be 1.05% for American Express
Question: Virtual Terminal WITHOUT merchant account? Answer: You would need to setup a company (even if it's just a sole proprietorship, in the US) to be able to apply for
Question: Sell your home and invest in growth stock mutual fund Answer: The 20%+ returns you have observed in the mutual funds are not free money. They are compensation for
Question: Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading? Answer: In day trading, you're trying to predict the immediate fluctuations of an essentially random system. In long-term investing, you're
Question: Pensions, annuities, and "retirement" Answer: Pension in this instance seems to mean pension income (as opposed to pension pot). This money would be determined by whatever assets are being
Question: Can someone help me understand my student loans? Answer: The first loan looks like it did not have its interest subsidized while you were in school, so interest was
Question: Short Term Capital Gains tax vs. IRA Withdrawal Tax w/o Quarterly Est. Taxes Answer: There is not a special rate for short-term capital gains. Only long-term gains have a
Question: Should we prepay our private student loans, given our particular profile? Answer: Just for another opinion, radio host Clark Howard would suggest killing the private student loans as quickly
Question: When do I need to return short stock to the lender Answer: If the owner of the stock wants it back, they "call" it back. There are no guarantees
Question: What does investment bank risk during IPO? Answer: Investment banks don't have to buy anything. If they don't think the stock is worth buying - they won't. If they
Question: Is it possible to trade CFD without leverage? Answer: You can but there is no point trading CFD's seeing you may still lose more than your investment due to
Question: Where can I find closed dates for the New York Stock Exchange for the coming year? Answer: You can find the NYSE holiday dates listed on the exchange's own
Question: How can I increase my hourly pay as a software developer? Answer: Most full time developer jobs in the US are paid on a salary basis rather than hourly
Question: What does an x% inflation rate actually mean? Answer: As pointe out by @quid, inflation figures are almost always quoted as a comparison of prices last month, and prices
Question: Tutoring Business Payroll Management Answer: This is going to depend on the tax jurisdiction and I have no knowledge of the rules in Illinois. But I'd like to give
Question: Is there a way to monitor when executives or leaders in a company sell off large holdings? Answer: SEC Form 3 and SEC Form 4 are filed when insiders
Question: Free "Rich Dad" education, with "free gift": Is it legitimate, or is it a sales ploy? Answer: I have taken the free Kiyosaki evening course, and it does give
Question: Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time? Answer: One reason for this is that many people don't simply allow their houses to rot and decay. If
Question: Strategy for investing large amount of cash Answer: Dollar Cost Averaging would be the likely balanced approach that I'd take. Depending on the size of the sum, I'd likely
Question: Further Understanding of Wash Sale Rules Answer: Disallowed losses due to the wash sale rule are added to the basis of the repurchased shares. In your example, on day
Question: Why is it that stock prices for a company seem to go up after a layoff? Answer: As others have pointed out, there are often many factors that are
Question: Is it wise for an independent contractor to avoid corporation tax by planning to only break even each year? Answer: IANAL (and nor am I an accountant), so I
Question: How do I track 401k rollovers in Quicken? Answer: When I did this I sold the stock out of my 401k account. Then transferred the cash to my rollover
Question: How does 83b election work when paying fair market value at time of grant? Answer: The tax cost at election should be zero. The appreciation is all capital gain
Question: How does historical data get adjusted for dividends, exactly? Answer: Various types of corporate actions will precipitate a price adjustment. In the case of dividends, the cash that will
Question: Long term investment for money Answer: Say you have $15,000 of capital to invest. You want to put the majority of your capital into low risk investments that will
Question: Including the region where you live in your investment portfolio? Answer: Diversification is just one aspect in an investment portfolio. The other aspects in Investment are Risk Taking Ability,
Question: Could someone place an independent film on the stock market? Answer: When we say "stock market," we are usually thinking of the publicly traded stocks, such as the New
Question: Is gold subject to inflation? [duplicate] Answer: The general argument put forward by gold lovers isn't that you get the same gold per dollar (or dollars per ounce of
Question: Why are american call options more valuable than european options ONLY if the underlying asset pays cash flows? Answer: Really all you need to know is that American style
Question: What should I do with $4,000 cash and High Interest Debt? Answer: When paying off multiple debts there is a protocol that many support. Payoff your debts according to
Question: Ex-dividend date: How long do I have to hold a stock in order to get the next dividend? Answer: You only have to own it for a day (or
Question: Personal finance in EFU and NAFA Answer: I want to know why my investment is having loss in 4 to 5 months. As the funds invest in stock markets,
Question: Question about Tax Information from a Prospectus Answer: A mutual fund could make two different kinds of distributions to you: Capital gains: When the fund liquidates positions that it
Question: Why UK bank charges are not taken account when looking on interest for taxation? Answer: When I left the UK four years ago, free banking is still an option
Question: Overpaid Rent Owed By Real Estate Answer: Have you tried complaining to the Real Estate Institute in your state, and if that doesn't work try taking them to Fair
Question: What happens to people without any retirement savings? Answer: Social security was created with just such people in mind. It's a meager living, but it is an income stream
Question: Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing? Answer: The Winning Investor http://winninginvestor.quickanddirtytips.com/ This is a blog and a podcast. Load a
Question: If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money? Answer: Government default doesn't mean that all US money is immediately worthless. First, the bondholders
Question: Multi-Account Budgeting Tools/Accounts/Services Answer: Have you looked at mint? Their budgeting feature can track spending against your budget categories across your checking and credit card accounts. Not the same
Question: Can't the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud? Answer: That's accurate. Here is another risk with the current checking system, which many people are not
Question: How to deal with the credit card debt from family member that has passed away? Answer: First, if it is in any way a joint account, the debt usually
Question: How to move (or not move) an LLC from Illinois to New Mexico? Answer: Why not just leave it as is and register as foreign entity in New Mexico?
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: Credit card interest rates are obscene. Try to find some other kind of loan for the furnishings; if you put things
Question: What's the best way to manage all the 401K accounts I've accumulated from my past jobs? Answer: I rolled mine over from the company I was at into my
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: It's not a betting game, insurance policy is not akin to a casino bet. While the odds are probably low, the damage of an event
Question: Advice for opening an IRA as a newbie Answer: If you want to 'offset' current (2016) income, only deductible contribution to a traditional IRA does that. You can make
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: There are a lot of great suggestions here on how to get
Question: What does inflation mean to me? Answer: short answer: any long term financial planning (~10yrs+). e.g. mortgage and retirement planning. long answer: inflation doesn't really matter in short time
Question: Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Answer: Is this an employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)? If so, and there is no required holding period, selling right away is essentially
Question: Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it? Answer: The key point to answer the question is to consider risk
Question: Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation? Answer: Just echoing the other answers here. You're not ready yet. 3% down, or no money down loans
Question: How is taxation for youtube/twitch etc monetization handled in the UK? Answer: The difference between a hobby and a business is income. Yes, every country I know of allows
Question: Is this trick enough to totally prevent bankrupcy in a case of a crash? Answer: When you buy a stock, the worst case scenario is that it drops to
Question: What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent? Answer: There are those who are knowledgable in real estate who offer rules of thumb: Don't pay more that
Question: Tools for comparing costs between different healthcare providers? Answer: There really isn't any good ways that I'm aware of. (The exception is in New York or California, where hospitals
Question: What is the best source of funding to pay off debt? Answer: You can take a out loan against your 401k, which means you won't be penalized for the
Question: Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions? Answer: The trick to using a credit card responsibly is accounting. With your old system,
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: If you were the friend of my daughter or some other "trusted" relationship, I would
Question: Why is there such disparity of max contribution limits between 401K accounts and regular IRA accounts? Answer: IRAs were invented to help individuals save for retirement. 401(k)s were invented
Question: What are some good ways to control costs for groceries? Answer: For a while I tried shopping multiple grocery stores, checking fliers each week from three different stores and
Question: Correct way to amend tax return as a result of not correctly reporting gains on sale of private stock based on Installment method? Answer: After much research, the answer
Question: Wife sent to collections for ticket she paid ten years ago Answer: The first thing you should do is write a letter to the collection company telling them that
Question: When shorting a stock, do you pay current market price or the best (lowest) available ask price? Answer: In terms of pricing the asset, this functions in exactly the
Question: My bank wants to lower my credit limit on my credit card. Will this impact me negatively? Answer: Will having a lower credit limit, which I will still never
Question: Can preventive health checkup be claimed as a separate expense from medical expenses? Answer: There are 2 different things, As per IT Act, one can get "Medical Reimbursement" upto
Question: Contributing to a Roth IRA while income tax filing status is "Married Filing Separately"? Answer: You must file as married for 2013 if you were married as of December
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: Don't take the car back! The dealership wants you to take it back to try and earn
Question: What are the financial advantages of living in Switzerland? Answer: As per Wikipedia of right now, here are unemployment figures for Switzerland and surrounding countries: Liechtenstein, unfortunately, does not
Question: Is there lesser or no tax on assets? Answer: Tax Shield would be known as: A tax shield is a reduction in taxable income for an individual or corporation
Question: What is the preferred way to finance home improvements when preparing to sell your house? Answer: I'm assuming that when you sell the house you expect to be able
Question: What items are exempt from the VAT? [U.K.] Answer: I'm thinking about visiting the UK and I'm wondering which things are affected by the VAT and which are not.
Question: Using a Roth IRA instead of a college savings account Answer: The problem with this plan is that in order for your children to put money in their own
Question: How do I protect money above the FDIC coverage limit? Answer: If you are concerned about FDIC coverage, then yes, you can spread your money across multiple banks. The
Question: How might trading volume affect future share price? Answer: There tends to be high volume around big changes in stock price. The volume of a stock does not remain
Question: Why is tax being paid on my salary multiple times? Answer: Businesses do not pay income tax on money that they pay out as salary to their employees. Businesses
Question: Financing a vehicle a few months before I expect to apply for a mortgage? Answer: Buy a modest vehicle with a manageable payment. Keep the payment low enough ($200-300/month)
Question: Automatic investments for cheap Answer: If you are not worried about timing the market and want to buy primarily "blue chip" stocks to hold for a while, consider using
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: As others have said, it depends entirely on what benefits are provided, and how much of the cost
Question: If throwing good money after bad is generally a bad idea, is throwing more money after good Ok? Answer: To expand a bit on what TripeHound said in the
Question: How do you calculate return on investment for a share of stock? Answer: To figure this out, you need to know the price per share then vs the price
Question: Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why? Answer: I recently paid-off $40k in student loan debt. One of the motivations
Question: What is the difference between hedging and diversification? How does each reduce risk? Answer: The difference is in the interrelation between the varied investments you make. Hedging is about
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: With your wife's income, you're not doing to see a net difference if she stops working that job.
Question: How do leveraged ETFs (index tracking) set intraday pricing? Answer: Does the price only start the day based on the previous day's rebalancing? No, the tracker will open at
Question: Contribute to both a SEP IRA and solo Roth 401(k)? Answer: In addition to the normal limits, A Solo 401(k) allows you to contribute up to 20% of net
Question: Should I pay off a 0% car loan? Answer: Mathematically, the wisest choice is to invest your extra money somewhere else and not pay off your 0% loan early.
Question: I'm about to be offered equity by my employer. What should I expect? Answer: Yes, what they said. You don't mention where you are on the totem pole. Are
Question: Be a partner, CTO or just a freelancer? Answer: First, determine the workload he will expect. Will you have to quit your other work, either for time or for
Question: What would be the signs of a bubble in silver? Answer: @fennec is right, no one knows. Here's a link that may help: http://pragcap.com/silver-prices-display-some-bubbly-characteristics I don't follow markets enough
Question: 23 and on my own, what should I be doing? Answer: You are asking all the right questions. I predict a bright future! In addition to the excellent advice
Question: Are market orders safe? Answer: A market sell order will be filled at the highest current "bid" price. For a reasonably liquid stock, there will be several buy orders
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: I would never consider such an offer. As has already been
Question: Will capital gains affect my tax bracket? Answer: I think you're misunderstanding how tax brackets work. If you make $1 more and that bumps you into a higher bracket,
Question: Why ever use a market order? Answer: What you are saying is a very valid concern. After the flash crash many institutions in the US replaced "true market orders"
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: There are several issues with paying for furniture and appliances with 0% credit instead of
Question: For the first time in my life, I'm going to be making real moneywhat should I do with it? Answer: Your attitude is great, but be careful to temper
Question: In a buy order with a trigger, will I pay the current ask or the buy price in the order? Answer: I think that if the price does not
Question: What happens if one brings more than 10,000 USD with them into the US? Answer: The US Customs and Border Protection website states that there is no limit to
Question: What happens to my stocks when broker goes bankrupt? Answer: If you are using a US broker, you are protected by SIPC up to $500,000. SIPC also oversees the
Question: Why is economic growth so important? Answer: Wealth is not distributed equally in any economy. And, even if it were, differentiation between people would lead to different interests being
Question: Is SIPC coverage on cash as strong as FDIC? Answer: For cash, SIPC insurance is similar to FDIC insurance. Your losses are not covered, but you're covered in case
Question: Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won't continue to live there your whole life Answer: The main factors you have to consider are: Could
Question: Is being a landlord a good idea? Is there a lot of risk? Answer: I have been a landlord in Texas for just over 3 years now. I still
Question: Why is financial data of some public companies not available on Yahoo Finance? Answer: http://www.pacificrubiales.com/investor-relations/reports.html does have financial reports on their website for the example you list. There is
Question: Which U.S. online discount broker is the best value for money? Answer: For self-service type online customers, OptionsXpress gives me far better trading features(like technicals advanced conditions) and tools,
Question: Can you buy out a pink sheet listed company by purchasing all of the oustanding shares? Answer: Sure. No-one promises that all the outstanding stocks are ever for sale,
Question: Can the Standard Deduction still apply to a Traditional IRA early withdrawal? Answer: IRA distributions are reported on line 15b on the standard form 1040. That is in the
Question: What is the main purpose of FED increase and decrease interest rate? Answer: When inflation is high or is rising generally interest rates will be raised to reduce people
Question: How did historical high tax rates work in practice? Answer: I remember in the 19th and early 20th century was the problem of Trusts set up by the wealthy
Question: Paying extra on a mortgage. How much can I save? [duplicate] Answer: If you're truly ready to pay an extra $1000 every month, and are confident you'll likely always
Question: What exactly is the profit and loss of a portfolio? Answer: When we 'delta-hedge', we make the value of a portfolio 0. No - you make the risk relative
Question: My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&P 500. What should I do? Answer: Around Oct 03 2010 the SPY closed at 113. Today it is
Question: Are there online brokers in the UK which don't require margin account? Answer: Most UK stock brokers don't require or allow margin trading. A quick web search for 'UK
Question: I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world? Answer: One of the best things you can do for this purpose, while
Question: Section 179 vs depreciation of laptop Answer: The CPA's mention of $2,500 is probably referring to the recently increased de minimis safe harbor under the final tangible property regulations
Question: How to prevent myself from buying things I don't want Answer: I use cash exclusively. I go to the cash machine once a week and withdraw the money I
Question: Making your first million is easy! (??) Answer: I think there's a measure of confirmation bias here. If you talk to somebody that started a successful business and got
Question: Sage Instant Accounts or Quickbooks? Answer: Note: Specific to UK. I can't recommend anything higher than Crunch - they act as your accountant and have their own cloud accounting
Question: FX losses on non-UK mortgage for UK property - tax deductable? Answer: I spoke to HMRC and they said #1 is not allowable but #2 is. They suggested using
Question: How does Value Averaging work in practice? Answer: The idea is you would also have a cash allowance in the portfolio originally - say 25%. So in this scenario,
Question: What could cause a stock to trade below book value? Answer: all of these examples are great if you actually believe in fundamentals, but who believes in fundamentals alone
Question: Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit? Answer: I love technical analysis, and use candlesticks as part of my technical analysis system for trading
Question: Investing in stocks with gross income (not yet taxed) cash from contract work? Answer: You should get a 1099-MISC for the $5000 you got. And your broker should send
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: Let me get this straight. I would stand my ground. Your son negotiated in good faith. Either
Question: Do my 401k/Roth accounts benefit from compounding? Answer: You buy a share of something for $100. It goes up by 10% over a year, and you now have $110
Question: Is it true that if I work 6 months per year, it is better than to work for 1 calendar year and take a break for 1 year? Answer:
Question: What are some factors I should consider when choosing between a CPA and tax software Answer: Largely it comes down to the complexity of your return (likely relatively simple
Question: What happens when a calendar spread is assigned in a non-margin account? Answer: I would think that a lot of brokers would put the restriction suggested in @homer150mw in
Question: Why can't online transactions be completed outside of business hours? Answer: Generally, unless you're doing a wire transfer, bank transactions are processed in batches overnight. So the credit card
Question: Is there any circumstance in which it is necessary to mark extra payments on a loan as going to "principal and not interest"? Answer: The mortgage I got last
Question: What should I look at before investing in a start-up? Answer: Turukawa's answer is quite good, and for your own specific situation, you might begin by being sceptical about
Question: How are shares used, and what are they, physically? Answer: If you are particularly interested in the share certificate artifacts themselves, there is a collection hobby in paper share
Question: IRA contributions in a bear (bad) market: Should I build up cash savings instead? Answer: You should consider dollar cost averaging your investments. Retirement account is perfect for that
Question: IRR vs. Interest Rates Answer: IRR is not subjective, this is a response to @Laythesmack, to his remark that IRR is subjective. Not that I feel a need to
Question: How to divide a mortgage and living area fairly? Answer: In my opinion, since she will live in one apartment, as will you and your husband, the simplest method
Question: Company asking for card details to refund over email Answer: While I agree with Ben a lot I feel like his answer is really poor here. You do not
Question: Investments - Huge drop in bid price versus last close Answer: Depends on when you are seeing these bids & asks-- off hours, many market makers pull their bid
Question: Replacement for mint.com with a public API? Answer: Yodlee's Moneycenter is the system that powered Mint.com before Intuit bought them. It works great for managing accounts in a similar
Question: Is it practical to take actual delivery on a futures contract, and what is the process? Answer: Here's a good link that can answer your question: How to take
Question: Which technical analysis indicators are considered leading stock market indicators? Answer: Relative Strength Indicators are also trailing indicators. They are based on the number of recent upticks or downticks
Question: Qualified Stock Options purtchased through my Roth IRA Answer: No, you cannot. ISO are given to you in your capacity as an employee (that's why it is "qualified"), while
Question: Learn investing as a programmer Answer: The software you provided as an example won't teach you much about investing. The most important things of investing are: These are the
Question: How do you invest in real estate without using money? Answer: I've been to one of these seminars: a) you can get a loan of up to $700,000 from
Question: Next option(s) after house is not selling on market? Answer: EDIT: new ideas based on the full story. I wouldn't worry about the price history. While it is certainly
Question: If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account? Answer: Most bank registers (where you write down entries) show deposits (+) to
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: Similar to @SoulsOpenSource's answer, I would suggest Venmo, which works like PayPal but is free for debit-card-to-debit-card transactions. More information here.
Question: What does "interest rates", without any further context, generically refer to? Answer: Generically, interest rates being charged are driven in large part by the central bank's rate and competition
Question: What's the most correct way to calculate market cap for multi-class companies? Answer: Some companies issue multiple classes of shares. Each share may have different ratios applied to ownership
Question: What if I sell an stock that is going to give an stock dividend after the ex-date but before the payable date Answer: I know that in the case
Question: How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees? Answer: One way is to wire transfer large amounts. If you transfer $5,000 at one go, that $50
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: I think a labor management issue explains the high cost of popcorn. Some weeks theaters are loaded with
Question: Since many brokers disallow investors from shorting sub-$5 stocks, why don't all companies split their stock until it is sub-$5 Answer: A stock split can force short sellers of
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: Your explanation is nearly perfect and not "hand wavy" at all. Stock prices reflect the collective wisdom
Question: How to value employee benefits? Answer: Health insurance varies wildly per state and per plan and per provider - but check them out to have a baseline to know
Question: Invest in ESPP Single Stock or General Market Answer: Make sure to check the language describing the 'discount'. The company may be matching your contribution by 5% instead of
Question: What are the tax implications of lending to my own LLC? Answer: It looks like you'd just be charging yourself interest and paying yourself back, because it's a pass-through
Question: Remit money to India from balance transfer of credit card Answer: Is this transaction legal Yes it is. Are there any tax implications in US? The interest is taxable
Question: UK companies house - what can I glean from an abbreviated balance sheet? Answer: What this abbreviated balance sheet tells you is that this company has negative equity. The
Question: Why did I lose 2 cents more than the difference in the stock prices on my Robinhood trade? Answer: There is a misunderstanding somewhere that your question didn't illuminate.
Question: Losing Money with Norbert's Gambit Answer: Can someone please clarify if Norbert's gambit is the optimal procedure to exchange CAD to USD? I'm not sure I'd call an arbitrage
Question: Where I can find S&P 500 stock data history? Answer: I assume you're after a price time series and not a list of S&P 500 constituents? Yahoo Finance is
Question: Borrow from 401k for down payment on rental property? Answer: Make sure you can really do what you plan on doing: Look at the maximum loan length and the
Question: Live in Oregon and work in Washington: Do I need to file Oregon state taxes? Answer: Unfortunately, you are required, but most states do have agreements with neighboring states
Question: Is it a good idea to teach children that work is linearly related to income? Answer: Get a copy of Capitalism for Kids - finally back in print (after
Question: What percent of a company are you buying when you purchase stock? Answer: As you can see at https://www.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ%3AAAPL the number of apple shares at this very moment is
Question: renter's insurance for causing property damage Answer: Renters' Insurance should also have some level of liability coverage. I.e.: if you caused a flooding because you went on and broke
Question: How will I pay for college? Answer: There are some useful comments about the tradeoffs of the decisions in front of you. Intertwined with the financial choices, hopefully you
Question: At what price are dividends re-invested? Answer: If a stock is trading for $11 per share just before a $1 per share dividend is declared, then the share price
Question: How to find out if a company is legit? Answer: If you are trying to weed out companies that are fronts for scams, one way is to look for
Question: It's possible to short a stock without paying interest? Answer: As others have said: unless you can find someone willing to make a zero-interest loan, the answer is no.
Question: Can a single-member LLC have a fiscal year not as the calendar year? Answer: I'm no tax expert by any means. I do know that a disreagarded entity is
Question: 22-year-old inherited 30k from 529 payout - what is the best way to invest? Answer: Also, my wealth manager doesn't like to discuss my money with me. To some
Question: How does one determine the width of a candlestick bar? Answer: You could theoretically use any time period unit, but 1 minute and 30 minute seem to be the
Question: Curious about Liverpool FC situation Answer: AFAIK gillet and hicks received massive loans to fund their purchase and they have not been keeping up the repayments so now the
Question: Debt collector has wrong person and is contacting my employer Answer: From a page on consumerfinance.gov A debt collector generally may not contact your employer or other third-parties about
Question: Short-sell, or try to rent out? Answer: There is another option. Stay where you are.
Question: Can zero-coupon bonds go down in price? Answer: Let's say today you buy the bond issued by StateX at 18$. Let's say tommorow morning the TV says that StateX
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I think you have succumbed to a category error. The rational course forward is to classify all property as either
Question: Are all financial advisors compensated in the same way? Answer: No, they certainly are not compensated the same way. Some are paid by commission that they earn from the
Question: Starting a large business with a not so large income? Answer: There are three (or four) ways that a company can grow: (Crowdfunding is a relatively new (in mainstream
Question: How do I evaluate a health insurance policy that covers a specific disease? Answer: These policies are usually called dread disease policies or critical illness insurance, and they normally
Question: Owning REIT vs owning real estate - which has a better hypothetical ROI? Answer: Your question may have another clue. You are bullish regarding the real estate market. Is
Question: Can a Company which is listed at OTC and TSX considered to be serious? Answer: The assumption that companies listed OTC are not serious is far from the truth.
Question: Want to buy expensive product online. Credit line on credit cards not big enough. How do "Preferred Account" programs work? Answer: First and foremost - make sure where you
Question: At what percentage drop should you buy to average down Answer: A big part of the answer depends on how "beaten down" the stock is, how long it will
Question: How's the graph of after/pre markets be drawn? Answer: Graphs are nothing but a representation of data. Every time a trade is made, a point is plotted on the
Question: Why do grocery stores in the U.S. offer cash back so eagerly? Answer: Cash back from credit cards is handled separately than the rest of the purchase, i.e. interest
Question: What exactly is a "derivative"? Answer: The basic idea behind a derivative is very simple actually. It is a contract where the final value depends on (is derived from)
Question: First Job, should I save or invest? Answer: Since you seem to be interested in investing in individual stocks, this answer will address that. As for the general question
Question: My university has tranfered me money by mistake, and wants me to transfer it back Answer: If you are convinced/sure its legit. Is doing a bank transfer to correct
Question: Home owners association for houses, pro/cons Answer: Some examples where an HOA is a positive thing: 1) Amenities: Maybe it is professionally maintained landscaping at the front of the
Question: Frustrated Landlord Answer: Renting your property out at less than market rates is a form of charity. Your heart says that this is the right thing to do, your
Question: Hearing much about Dave Ramsey. Which of his works is best in describing his "philosophy" about money? Answer: His books: The Total Money Makeover - This is a very
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: There are a number of ways and it all depends on your concentration and range
Question: I'm an American in my mid 20's. Is there something I should be doing to secure myself financially? Answer: Buy this book. It is a short, simple crash course
Question: Better to rent condo to daughter or put her on title? Answer: Obviously you have done well financially in order to be able to purchase a condo for cash,
Question: I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account mistake? Answer: Many brokerage accounts for trading stocks are covered under SIPC insurance, which is up to $500,000 You
Question: The best credit card for people who pay their balance off every month Answer: For people who are already a Costco member. The American Express TrueEarnings Business Card is
Question: At what point is the contents of a trust considered to be the property of the beneficiary? Answer: No, you will not have to pay taxes on the corpus
Question: In what ways is IEX different than a typical dark pool or a typical exchange? Answer: You've said what's different in your question. There's 330 microseconds of network latency
Question: My account's been labeled as "day trader" and I got a big margin call. What should I do? What trades can I place in the blocked period? Answer: You
Question: How can someone with a new job but no credit history get a loan to settle another debt? Answer: I believe the best way to go about it is
Question: Hedging against an acquisition of a stock Answer: Firstly, going short on a stock and worrying if the price suddenly gaps up a lot due to good news is
Question: Receive money from US Client to Myself in India by selling services Answer: Depending on how tech savvy your client is you could potentially use bitcoin. There is some
Question: Which Novo Nordisk ticker is most tax efficient in a UK SIPP? Answer: What I ended up doing was finding where each ticker of Novo was registered (what exchange),
Question: How should I record invoices in foreign currency in GNUCash? Answer: It depends upon in how many currencies your business is denominated. If your business is solely dependent upon
Question: Does a market maker sell (buy) at a bid or ask price? Answer: The answer posted by Kirill Fuchs is incorrect according to my series 65 text book and
Question: How can you correlate a company stock's performance with overall market performance? Answer: How can you correlate a company stock's performance with overall market performance. No you can't. There
Question: How fast does the available amount of gold in the world increase due to mining? Answer: For the last few years around 2,500 metric tonnes of gold have been
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Until you get some financial education, you will be vulnerable to people wanting your money.
Question: Should I carry less renter's insurance if I can self-insure? Answer: I believe your statement is mostly correct: ...all the expert recommendations are based on an inflexible conventional wisdom
Question: Using credit cards online: is it safe? Answer: The answer: don't use your actual card number. Some banks offer virtual credit card numbers (services like Apple Pay are functionally
Question: My Brokerage statement shows "Adjusted due to previous wash sale disallowed loss" what does this mean? Answer: Well it would appear that you had a wash sale that canceled
Question: If banksimple.com is not a bank, what is it? Answer: I don't see how this concept takes off. First and foremost, BankSimple is NOT a bank but a tech
Question: What can make a stock price rise without good news or results? Answer: It could be an endless number of reasons for it. It could simply just be a
Question: What ETF or other security tracks closest to 30 year mortgage rates? Answer: TBF - Proshares short 20+ Year Treasury The TBF fund is designed to track (hopefully) 100
Question: If I invest in securities denominated in a foreign currency, should I hedge my currency risk? Answer: Like most other investment decisions - it depends. Specifically in this case
Question: A stop order won't be automatically fired in after-hours trading? Answer: Stop orders and stop limit orders typically do not execute during extended hours after the general market session
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: From what I've heard in the past, debt can be differentiated between secured debt and unsecured debt. Secured
Question: Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate? Answer: They aren't actually. It appears to be a low interest rate, but it doesn't
Question: Calculating profits on a covered call. What method do you use? Answer: yes, you are double counting. Your profit is between ($7.25 and $8) OR ($7.75 and $8.50). in
Question: What kind of traditional IRA should I use to hold funds from old employer 401K plans? Answer: Magazines like SmartMoney often have an annual issue that reviews brokers. One
Question: Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area? Answer: Location, Location, Location. The closer to the highway, the more they can charge. People want to
Question: Why would you not want to rollover a previous employer's 401(k) when changing jobs? Answer: The biggest reason why one might want to leave 401k money invested in an
Question: How did this day trader lose so much? Answer: He didn't sell in the "normal" way that most people think of when they hear the term "sell." He engaged
Question: Sell or keep rental Property? Answer: How is the current mortgage payment broken out? I have a mortgage on a rental property with a payment of $775, but $600
Question: VAT and duties payable when importing personal goods from Switzerland and the Channel Islands to the EU? Answer: http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/customs/tax-and-duty.htm#3 explains the Import VAT situation quite well. As for who
Question: Why deep in the money options have very low liquidity Answer: One reason might be the 100% margin requirement on long options. Suppose I want to go long AAPL.
Question: I paid a contractor to make roof repairs to a house in my LLC. How can I deduct this cost? Answer: This new roof should go on the 2016
Question: Get car loan w/ part time job as student with no credit, no-cosigner but no expenses Answer: Instead of going to the dealership and not knowing if you will
Question: What is a 401(k) Loan Provision? Answer: Congratulations on the job offer! That type of matching sounds good if you plan to stay at a company for more than
Question: US tax for a resident NRI Answer: If you are tax-resident in the US, then you must report income from sources within and without the United States. Your foreign
Question: How to invest Rs.10k in India Answer: I am going to assume that this is going to be a long term investment and you don't need this money before
Question: My friend wants to put my name down for a house he's buying. What risks would I be taking? Answer: This is not a full answer and I have
Question: What drives the value of a stock? [duplicate] Answer: For XOM if you were lucky enough to purchase on 20 Jan 16, at 73.18/share and sold on 15 July
Question: How to acquire skills required for long-term investing? Answer: As foundational material, read "The Intelligent Investor" by Benjamin Graham. It will help prepare you to digest and critically evaluate
Question: Does investing more money into stocks increase chances of profit? Answer: I think you are mixing up the likelihood of making a profit with the amount of profit. The
Question: What kind of life insurance is cheaper? I'm not sure about term vs. whole vs. universal, etc Answer: Wow, very amused by some of the answers. I will comment
Question: What's the fuss about identity theft? Answer: While everything can be fixed in the end, and you can usually get all your money back, recovering from identity theft can
Question: What are the differences in taxes rules for specialty ETFs such as GLD (Gold ETF) and general ETFs? Answer: Gold ETFs are treated different than stock ETFs, as a
Question: When to sell stock losers Answer: I found the answer I was looking for. Even though I don't have any capital gains to offset, I can deduct up to
Question: Landlord living in rental unit - tax implications? Answer: Does allowing family to stay at the rental jeopardize my depreciation? No, accumulated depreciation that hasn't been deducted reduces your
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: I often spend weeks or months (and sometimes even years) deciding whether to buy something. Certainly the dealer should recognize you by now
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Wow, everyone tells you different investment strategies. You have all your life ahead of you.
Question: Is Weiss Research, Inc. a legitimate financial research company? Answer: This company was a reputable rating agency for many years. See Weiss Research website, ratings section for a very
Question: UK student loans, early repayment/avoiding further debt Answer: I think you're right that from a pure "expected future value" perspective, it makes sense to pay this loan off as
Question: How is my employer affected if I have expensive claims on my group health insurance? Answer: I don't think so. There is a provision in ObamaCare called "community rating"
Question: Previous owner of my home wants to buy it back but the property's value is less than my loan what to do? Answer: A short-sale seems like an extreme
Question: Does reading financial statements (quarterly or annual reports) really help investing? Answer: I agree with @STATMATT. Financial statements are the only thing that Warren Buffett & Charlie Munger read.
Question: Why is a "long put" called long if you have a higher net position if the price decreases? Answer: Long here does not mean you wish for the underlying
Question: Are binary options really part of trading? Answer: you bet that a quote/currency/stock market/anything will rise or fall within a period of time. ... So, what is the relationship
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: The biggest risk you have when a country defaults on its currency is a major
Question: Buying a home without a Real Estate Agent - Who should I get to do the paperwork? Answer: For a real estate transaction there are multiple stages: From the
Question: Employer rollover from 403b to 401k? Answer: 403b plans are used by school districts, colleges and universities, nonprofit hospitals, charitable foundations and the like for their employees while 401k
Question: What does it mean to long convexity of options? Answer: Convexity refers to vega. Gamma refers to delta. Negative carry refers to time decay.
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: (more like 10 years ago, but that's beside the point) Save, save,
Question: F-1 Visa expired - Unable to repay private student loan. What to do? Answer: I would contact your loan servicing company explain the situation and see if you can
Question: What do "cake and underwear" stocks refer to? Answer: I interpret that to mean "vice" stocks and necessities. "Cake" may just be a nicer way of saying "sin" (see
Question: Strategies for saving and investing in multiple foreign currencies Answer: Evaluating the value of currencies is always difficult because you are usually at the mercy of a central bank
Question: How to work around the Owner Occupancy Affidavit to buy another home in less than a year? Answer: Danger. The affidavit is a legal document. Understand the risk of
Question: How to deduct operational loss from my personal income tax? Answer: I'm not an accountant, and you should probably get the advice of one to be sure about what
Question: Is leveraging notoriety to raise stock prices illegal in the US? Answer: If he didn't lie, I don't see the issue. He did not force anyone to buy anything.
Question: Old Cancelled Cards Answer: Closed accounts are used when calculating Average Age of Accounts (AAoA) by FICO. They will drop off your report 7 years after their closure, at
Question: Are stock investments less favorable for the smaller investor? Answer: If you are looking at long-term investments then you can look to Dheer's answer and see that it doesn't
Question: Do you know of any online monetary systems? Answer: I'm the equivalent of the FED at ROBLOX. I run a virtual economy there worth millions of dollars. Even though
Question: How much does the volatility change for a 1$ move in the underlying Answer: The volatility measures how fast the stock moves, not how much. So you need to
Question: Was this a good deal on a mortgage? Answer: I'm calculating that to about a 7% apr, which given loan rates available today seems a bit high. I wouldn't
Question: Getting Cash from Credit Card without Fees Answer: Nope. Or at least, if it were possible the company offering such a credit card would quickly go out of business.
Question: What's the best use for this money? Its only a small amount but can make a big difference to me Answer: Its very silly of you to have house
Question: Where can I find definitive terms for a preferred share? Answer: This site has the best information I could find, other than a Bloomberg terminal: Quantumonline.com QUANTUMONLINE.COM SECURITY DESCRIPTION:
Question: How to calculate a mutual fund's yield Answer: If the expense ratio of the fund is 0.00% then yes. However, if the fund has expenses of 1% then if
Question: What is insider trading exactly? Answer: Insider trading is any trading done on material non-public information relating to an instrument. If my sister, who works for a drugs testing
Question: (How) can I print my own checks on my printer on regular paper? Answer: There are certain standards that modern checks need to meet. These aren't required by law,
Question: Merits of buying apartment houses and renting them Answer: Hitting the 25% marginal rate does not mean all of your earnings are taxed at 25%, only those that exceed
Question: When should you use an actively managed mutual fund in a 401k? Answer: By definition, actively managed funds will underperform passive index funds as a whole. Or more specifically:
Question: Are Credit Cards a service to banks? Answer: Credit cards are a golden goose for banks, as they get to issue high-interest loans and simultaneously generate alot of fee
Question: Standardized loan options to purchase employee stock options Answer: What you want is a cashless transaction. It's part of the normal process. My employer gives me 1000 options at
Question: Ballpark salary equivalent today of "healthcare benefits" in the US? Answer: As a contractor, I have done this exact calculation many times so I can compare full time employment
Question: Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity? Answer: Things are the way they are because they got that way. - Gerald Weinberg Banks have been in
Question: What's the best online tool that can track my entire portfolio including gains/losses? Answer: You can use a tool like WikiInvest the advantage being it can pull data from
Question: If I have a home loan preapproval letter for x, can the seller know this without me explicitely telling them? Answer: The seller has a legitimate desire to know
Question: Borrowing share with a covered call for short? Answer: No, if your stock is called away, the stock is sold at the agreed upon price. You cannot get it
Question: renter's insurance for causing property damage Answer: You need to get some thing called landlord insurance, tenants only covers his belongings. Any property damage caused deliberately or unknowingly is
Question: Prize Money, Taxes and Foreign / International Students Answer: The committee folks told us Did they also give you advice on your medication? Maybe if they told you to
Question: Does the "Free Ride" rule always apply to your entire collection of shares in a particular stock? Answer: You should check with your broker for details, but you can
Question: Why is auto insurance ridiculously overpriced for those who drive few miles? Answer: Many services charge prices that do not scale linearly with usage. This is because the service
Question: Anticipating being offered stock options in a privately held company upon employment. What questions should I ask? Answer: The company doesn't necessarily have to go public. They can also
Question: Convention for adding ishares (ETFs) into personal accounts Answer: What account you put it in depends on why you have those different accounts. First, if you have them due
Question: Hobby vs. Business Answer: You can list it as other income reported on line 21 of form 1040. In TurboTax, enter at: - Federal Taxes tab (Personal in Home
Question: How to maximize small business 401k contribution? Answer: I would hire an accountant to help set this up, given the sums of money involved. $53,000 would be the minimum
Question: Should I participate in a 401k if there is no company match? Answer: With a match, the 401(k) becomes the priority, up to that match, often ahead of other
Question: Taxing GoFundMe Donations Answer: To echo part of stannius' response. If it's taxable, there would be tax on $19,999, just a bit less than on $20,000. Your uncle may
Question: What are the alternatives to compound interest for a Muslim? Answer: In the UK at least, we have Credit Unions. Credit Unions are not-for-profit organisations that don't pay interest
Question: Is the money you get from shorting a stock free to use for going long on other stocks? Answer: You will be charged a stock borrow fee, which is
Question: Is giving my girlfriend money for her mortgage closing costs and down payment considered fraud? Answer: With the standard "I am not a lawyer" disclaimer, consider this question: If
Question: 60% Downpayment on house? Answer: If you decide you need the extra money, you can always go refinance and get more cash out. At the end of the day,
Question: How to build a U.S. credit history as a worker on a visa? Answer: In the US, money talks and bullshit walks. You can skip any credit history requirement
Question: Multi-state K-1 earnings to S-Corp Answer: I'm not sure why you think that it matters that the distribution goes to an S-Corp vs an individual tax payer. You seem
Question: Advantage of Financial Times vs. free news sources for improving own knowledge of finance? Answer: I recommend using Morning Brew. They email you a free daily newsletter with the
Question: incorrect printed information on check stock Answer: Probably a bad assumption, but I'm assuming your in the United States. Keep in mind, that the check number is printed in
Question: Why is OkPay not allowed in the United States? Answer: Here's the real reason OKPay (actually the banks they interface with) won't accept US Citizens. The Foreign Account Tax
Question: What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment? Answer: What are the most important facts to keep in mind as I consider this? IMHO,
Question: How does delta of an option change with time if underlying price is constant? Answer: As the option approaches expiry, the delta will approach zero or one, depending on
Question: Why do people invest in mutual fund rather than directly buying shares? Answer: There are several reasons. One, mutual funds provide instant diversification. To build a diverse portfolio "manually"
Question: Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT Answer: I live in Kenya, and also here we have corruption. However, we use EFT, RTGS, Mobile Money and its more safe
Question: Intrinsic value of non-voting shares which don't pay dividends Answer: Even with non-voting shares, you own a portion of the company including all of its assets and its future
Question: Why is silver so volatile compared to the S&P 500? Answer: Silver is a commodity. It's valuable for certain kinds of manufacturing, jewelry, and as a speculative financial instrument
Question: My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&P 500. What should I do? Answer: The majority (about 80%) of mutual funds are underperforming their underlying indexes.
Question: Frequency of investments to maximise returns (and minimise fees) Answer: Wow, this turns out to be a much more difficult problem than I thought from first looking at it.
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: I don't think that there is any good way a study can average this and bring
Question: What is the rough estimate of salary value for a taxpayer to pay AMT? Answer: Turbox Tax states the following: "For 2015, the AMT exemption amounts are $53,600 for
Question: Why do 10 year Treasury bond yields affect mortgage interest rates? Answer: Different bonds (and securitized mortgages are bonds) that have similar average lives tend to have similar yields
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: One reason is that insurance gives you tranquility. Without insurance, you live with the uncertainty of not knowing if/when disaster is going to strike. Insurance
Question: If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account? Answer: If you are considering this to be an entry for your business
Question: Investment fund or ETF sanity check / ideas Answer: Now I'm trying to decide whether to find a managed fund, or use Vanguard ETFs. With a new trading account
Question: Interactive Brokers: IOPTS and list of structured products Answer: Interactive Brokers offers global securities trading. Notice that the security types are: cash, stock (STK), futures (FUT), options (OPT), futures
Question: How does conversion of Secured Convertible Notes work? Answer: Let's assume that the bonds have a par value of $1,000. If conversion happens, then one bond would be converted
Question: How secure is my 403(b)? Can its assets be "raided"? Answer: I assume you get your information from somewhere where they don't report the truth. I'm sorry if mentioning
Question: Should I try to hedge my emergency savings against currency and political concerns? Answer: You have to balance several concerns here. The primary problem is that if you go
Question: Estimate a future option price given greeks and a 1$ move in underlying Answer: It's not that straightforward, even though your gamma will change your delta on the fly,
Question: What ETF best tracks the price of gasoline, or else crude oil? Answer: UNG United States Natural Gas Fund Natural Gas USO United States Oil Fund West Texas Intermediate
Question: How to get into real estate with a limited budget Answer: One way to "get into the real estate market" is to invest your money in a fund which
Question: Sage Instant Accounts or Quickbooks? Answer: The company I work with uses Intuit QuickBooks Online and have had zero problems with it. The functionality is effective and it fits
Question: Real estate loans for repairs Answer: If you intend to flip this property, you might consider either a construction loan or private money. A construction loan allows you to
Question: Why are residential investment properties owned by non-professional investors and not large corporations? Answer: None of the previous answers calls out an important factor to residential property ownership bias
Question: File Taxes: US Expat, now married to foreign national Answer: Per the IRS instructions on filing as Head of Household as a Citizen Living Abroad, if you choose to
Question: Is there a resource for knowing when Annual and Quarterly Reports are coming out? Answer: https://www.google.com/search?q=quarterly+and+annual+financial+report+calendar&oq=quarterly+and+annual+financial+report+calendar&aqs=chrome..69i57.9351j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8 The third result on Google is: https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/earnings-calendar/us The fourth result on Google is:
Question: Should I buy out my brother on a property we will inherit before making improvements? Answer: If your father is still able to make financial decisions and sign contracts,
Question: Why should the P/E ratio of a growth stock match its percentage earnings growth rate? Answer: This is only a rule of thumb. Peter Lynch popularized it; the ratio
Question: Why would a bank take a lower all cash offer versus a higher offer via conventional lending? Answer: It's because financing can fall through, and then the time between
Question: Advice on strategy for when to sell Answer: Consider trailing stop losses maybe 5% below your profit target, if you want a simplistic answer.
Question: Is diversification better Answer: Diversification is the only real free lunch in finance (reduction in risk without any reduction in expected returns), so clearly every good answer to your
Question: Is it possible to block previously authorized ACH access? Answer: I had a similar situation a while ago, and here's what I learned: What are our options here to
Question: Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest? Answer: I am sure everyone is different, but it has helped
Question: What's the point of a benchmark? Answer: Yes an index is by definition any arbitrary selection. In general, to measure performance there are 2 ways: By absolute return -
Question: How often do stocks become worthless? Answer: Randomly selected stocks would probably become worthless at a similar rate of all businesses going out of business do. I'm not sure
Question: Does working in finance firms improve a person's finance knowledge? Answer: Depends on what work you're doing. If you aren't doing a job which involves working with and understanding
Question: Is the I.T. function in banking considered to be on the expense side, as opposed to revenue side? Answer: I must point that without the IT - no-one in
Question: Transfer car loan for better interest rate Answer: Yes, it is possible for you to refinance your existing auto loan, and so long as you can get the loan
Question: What evidence exists for claiming that you cannot beat the market? Answer: The reason for this is arbitrage. In an free and open market, investments that are certain to
Question: Is it possible to make money off of a private company? Answer: Another way to do this is go to work for that company. Companies in this situation normally
Question: Is sales tax for online purchases based on billing- or shipping address? Answer: The technical answer is defined by the laws of state you live in but most (all?)
Question: Is there a way to create a limit order with both an upper and lower limit Answer: Yes there is, it is called a One-Cancels-the-Other Order (OCO). Investopedia defines
Question: Getting (historical) Standard & Poor Stock Guides Answer: I haven't seen one of these in quite some time. Back in the 1970s, maybe the 1980s, stock brokers would occasionally
Question: Effective returns on investment in housing vs other financial instruments Answer: Then at the end, if you decide to cash in your house, you can roll the proceeds into
Question: Why does gold have value? Answer: Gold has very useful physical properties for some engineering applications. Even tiny amounts of gold can substantially improve products, so it can be
Question: Is it sensible to keep savings in a foreign currency? Answer: I don't think that it's a good idea to have cash savings in different currencies, unless you know
Question: Transfer $70k from Wells Fargo (US) to my other account at a Credit Union bank Answer: Making a payment of any amount is usually legal, although of course the
Question: What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history Answer: Consider getting yourself a gas card. Use it for a year. Make your payments on time.
Question: What is the US Fair Tax? Answer: The fair tax is a proposal to replace the US income tax with a sales tax. Pros of Fair Tax: It's a
Question: I have around 60K $. Thinking about investing in Oil, how to proceed? Answer: If you've decided to ignore the sound advice re: oil company stocks, and you want
Question: Company Payment Card Answer: Most corporate policies strictly prohibit the card's use for personal use, even if the intent is to re-pay in full, on or before the due
Question: Does an individual share of a stock have some kind of unique identifier? Answer: Nope, think what a nightmare that would be, a bunch of shares would be issued
Question: How are the $1 salaries that CEOs sometimes take considered legal? Answer: Even under the executive exemption, see Exemption for Executive Employees Under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA)
Question: tax deduction for 30k loan Answer: The loan itself is not tax deductible; unless you took it as part of a mortgage, anyway, it's just a regular loan. Mortgage
Question: What does "a stock pays a dividend of 3%" mean? Answer: It means a 3% return on the value of the stock. If a stock has a $10 share
Question: Get car loan w/ part time job as student with no credit, no-cosigner but no expenses Answer: Ben already covered most of this in his answer, but I want
Question: What percentage of my company should I have if I only put money? Answer: There is no universal answer here; it depends on how much risk each person is
Question: What are a few sites that make it easy to invest in high interest rate mutual funds? Answer: Any investment company or online brokerage makes investing in their products
Question: What is the opposite of a hedge? Answer: I'd say the opposite of hedging is speculating. If you are convinced an asset will appreciate in value, or rather the
Question: How should I think about stock dividends? Answer: Dividends are actually a very stable portion of equity returns, the Great recession and Great Depression notwithstanding: However, dividends, with lower
Question: Why does ExxonMobil's balance sheet show more liabilities than assets? Answer: Exxon Mobil is one of the most profitable corporations in the world. Their annual earnings are typically in
Question: How can I find out the credit rating of a company Answer: You can view Standard & Poor's credit ratings here: http://www.standardandpoors.com/ratings/en/us/ You have to register with S&P to
Question: Should I exclude bonds from our retirement investment portfolio if our time horizon is still long enough? Answer: I've had the same thoughts recently and after reading Investing at
Question: Is gold really an investment or just a hedge against inflation? Answer: The problem I have with gold is that it's only worth what someone will pay you for
Question: Should I collect receipts after paying with a card? Answer: I've seen many people sign a restaurant credit card receipt and walk away. Easy enough for the wait staff
Question: I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment? Answer: If you know you have picked a bad stock,
Question: Why don't more people run up their credit cards and skip the country? Answer: I take it the premise of the question is that we're assuming the person isn't
Question: Ask for credit decrease Answer: Aside from an annual fee, if any, the card issuer makes money 2 ways, the transaction fee, about 1.5%-2% charged to the merchant, and
Question: How can I live outside of the rat race of American life with 300k? Answer: So my read on the question is "How do I invest 300k such that
Question: Is UK house price spiral connected to debt based monetary system? Answer: There are a few factors at work here, supply and demand being the main one. The Office
Question: Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed? Answer: I am very late to this forum and post - but will just respond that I am a sole proprietor, who was
Question: Boyfriend is coowner of a house with his sister, he wants to sell but she doesn't Answer: Dear "benevolent" sister, The mortgage, utilities, and taxes for this home can
Question: First time investor and online brokerage accounts Answer: Most mutual funds are designed to make the investment banks that sell them money, not to make investers money. They do
Question: Understanding differences between S&P500 index-tracking ETFs Answer: Back in the olden days, if you wanted to buy the S&P, you had to have a lot of money so you
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: The responses here are excellent. I'd add just a couple points. Debt is not generic. It ranges from
Question: Received mysterious K-1 form, seeking answers Answer: SXL is a Master Limited Partnership so all of the income is pass-through. Your equity purchase entitles you to a fraction of
Question: Optimal pricing of close to zero marginal cost content Answer: It seems this will be very much driven by price discrimination. If there are some customers who will pay
Question: Calculating a simply complicated return? Answer: Since you have the balance at equal periods and the cash flows at the period ends, the best return calculation in this case
Question: Legitimate unclaimed property that doesn't appear in any state directory? Answer: for full disclosure I'm an Independent Contractor and work with Jeff Richman. @ Neil: Question 1: How legitimate
Question: Employer reported ESPP ordinary income on wrong year's W-2 Answer: You mentioned that the 1099B that reports this sale is for 2014, which means that you got the proceeds
Question: Why can't 401(k) statements be delivered electronically? Answer: There are a lot of unintended consequences of fairly arbitrary IRS guidelines when it comes to 401Ks, they both close and
Question: Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors? Answer: A guy I used to work with would buy some shares in certain companies on a regular basis. The guy
Question: Do my parents need to pay me minimum wage? Answer: There is actually a restriction on how high a wage they can pay you. There didn't use to be,
Question: Personal Asset Protection - How to protect asset against a deficiency judgement? Answer: You should talk to a bankruptcy attorney local to you. While bankruptcy laws are federal, there
Question: Why don't market indexes use aggregate market capitalization? Answer: would constantly fluctuate and provide an indication of how well the market is doing. The index is there to tell
Question: How can I find the historical stock price for a specific stock on a specific date? Answer: I've had luck finding old stock information in the Google scanned newspaper
Question: How can an Indian citizen get exposure to global markets? Answer: Other than the possibility of minimal entry price being prohibitively high, there's no reason why you couldn't participate
Question: Why buy bonds in a no-arbitrage market? Answer: If by "putting money in the bank" you mean regular savings or checking, then the bond locks a rate for a
Question: Effective returns on investment in housing vs other financial instruments Answer: The assumption that house value appreciates 5% per year is unrealistic. Over the very long term, real house
Question: Risk of buying stock Answer: When you buy shares, you are literally buying a share of the company. You become a part-owner of it. Companies are not required to
Question: When is the right time to buy a new/emerging technology? Answer: If you're looking for a purely financial answer (ignoring the social/environmental aspects) there are a few different ways
Question: Why can't poor countries just print more money? Answer: Printing money doesn't mean that their wealth increases. It just devalues the money they already have. So it will just
Question: Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt? Answer: The US national debt isn't the problem. If the Bush-era tax cuts had been
Question: 200K 10-Year Investment Safest 5% Annual Return? Answer: I don't think there exists a guaranteed 5% investment vehicle. You have to decide how much risk you're willing to take.
Question: Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation Answer: Given the listed expenses, this problem will not have a nice solutions. So lets quickly go through them and see when
Question: Can I predict if it is better to save money in USD or local currency? Answer: Typically, the higher interest rates in local currency cover about the potential gain
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: I think you can do better than the straight indexes. For instance Vanguard's High Yield Tax Exempt Fund has made 4.19% over
Question: Should I make extra payments to my under water mortgage or increase my savings? Answer: I'd pile up as much cash as you can in a savings account -
Question: How to evaluate stocks? e.g. Whether some stock is cheap or expensive? Answer: I look at the following ratios and how these ratios developed over time, for instance how
Question: How to Store Funds Generated through FX Trading Answer: Earned income is what your software is doing, so it is taxable. So you can't really make it tax exempt.
Question: Appropriate model for deferred costs as a line-of-credit Answer: There's no standard formula. You can compare the going rates on the market for unsecured LOCs and take that as
Question: Price Earnings Ratio Answer: Your question asks us to explain why a false statement is true. From the point of view of an investor, a high price to earnings
Question: Tax implications of restricted stock units Answer: RSU are taxed when vested, based on their value at that point, as salary. If you don't sell to cover, you need
Question: Job Offer - Explain Stock Options [US] Answer: There are a few other items that you should be aware of when getting options: The strike price is usually determined
Question: What is title insurance, and should I get title insurance for my home? Answer: When we got our mortgage in the state of Washington, in the United States, we
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: US based so I don't know how closely this translates to the UK,
Question: Investing for Dummys Answer: Have a look at my answer to a similar question (asked by a 22 yo) ... Basically
Question: In a house with shared ownership, if one person moves out and the other assumes mortgage, how do we determine who owns what share in the end? Answer: Both
Question: What does it mean that stocks are "memoryless"? Answer: I think that "memoryless" in this context of a given stock's performance is not a term of art. IMO, it's
Question: Calculating Future and Present value into mortgage comparisons Answer: You mentioned 15-20 years in your comment on mhoran_psprep's response. This is the most important factor to consider in the
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: The expected holiday sales are "known" or actually guessed at beforehand, and stock prices move in line
Question: Will my wife's business losses offset my income on a joint tax return? Answer: First, filing status. If you and your wife are legally married, you should be filing
Question: First time home buyer. How to negotiate price? Answer: Often, if your realtor and the selling realtor know each other, your realtor will "discover" what price the seller really
Question: Buying a more expensive house as a tax shelter (larger interest deduction)? Answer: No. This logic is dangerous. The apples to apples comparison between renting and buying should be
Question: Why can't 401(k) statements be delivered electronically? Answer: Glad my question got bumped. I took it as a sign to get a solid answer out of Schwab. First the
Question: Is the stock market too risky for long term retirement funds? Why should a 20- or 30-something person invest in stocks? Answer: The stock market, as a whole, is
Question: Further Understanding of Wash Sale Rules Answer: Once you own no shares for 31 days, it's game over. Even though the accounting has wash sales to consider, in the
Question: Why does capital gains tax apply to long term stock holdings? Answer: Why only long term investments? What do they care if I buy and sell shares in a
Question: Evidence for Technical Analysis [duplicate] Answer: To answer your original question: There is proof out there. Here is a paper from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis that
Question: When you're really young and have about 2K to start investing $ for retirement, why do some people advise you to go risky? Answer: Those who say a person
Question: How to share income after marriage and kids? Answer: I think the problem is that you've made a math error. This child would not be costing you 300 per
Question: Interactive Brokers Margin Accounts Answer: Scenario 1 - When you sell the shares in a margin account, you will see your buying power go up, but your "amount available
Question: How frequently should I request additional credit? Answer: I do this all the time, my credit rating over time plotted on a graph looks like saw blades going upward
Question: When will Canada convert to the U.S. Dollar as an official currency? Answer: The conspiracy buffs think this is already in the works. If you are interested, Google this
Question: What is the difference between "good debt" vs. "bad debt"? Answer: I think people are conflating two orthogonal sets of terms. Unsecured/secured and good/bad are not synonyms. Debt may
Question: Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months? Answer: Should I allow the credit cards to be paid out of escrow in one
Question: Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough? Answer: Question: Does a billion dollars make you 1,000 times more happy than a million dollars?
Question: When does Ontario's HST come into effect? Answer: It looks like the HST will be in effect in Ontario on July 1st, 2010. As to whether it will replace
Question: Are long-term bonds risky assets? Answer: In the quoted passage, the bonds are "risky" because you CAN lose money. Money markets can be insured by the FDIC, and thus
Question: Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor? Answer: First The Intelligent Investor and then the 1962 edition Security Analysis - which is out
Question: Are there any banks with a command-line style user interface? Answer: I think I get your question, but your wording is throwing a lot of us off. If what
Question: What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into "emergencies" but are not covered by an Emergency Fund? Answer: While it is true that homeowners insurance will
Question: How can this be enough to fund a scholarship in perpetuity? Answer: What's the value of the scholarship, and is it administered by itself or by the university? If
Question: Saving up for an expensive car Answer: The question is how does $16,000/year for 6.5 years fit into your budget. Or to put it another way, what won't you
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: I moved from contributing 10% to maxing as my salary rose over the course of three years after graduation. Because of my
Question: (Theoretical) Paying credit cards with other credit cards Answer: A "balance transfer" is paying one credit card with another. You probably get offers in the mail to do this
Question: Where do I find the exercise price and date for warrants? Answer: I agree that a random page on the internet is not always a good source, but at
Question: How to hedge a long stock position that does not have options Answer: You could always maintain a limit order to sell at a price you're comfortable with.
Question: At what point does it become worth it to file an insurance claim? Answer: We learned the hard way on this one. First, our area was hit with what
Question: Is buying a lottery ticket considered an investment? Answer: I am reminded of a dozen year old dialog. I asked my 6 year old, "If we call a tail
Question: Does FHA goes hand in hand with PMI ? Answer: I don't know that FHA loans have better rates than conventional loans. I've never heard that and some quick
Question: Ethics and investment Answer: Avoiding tobacco, etc is fairly standard for a fund claiming ethical investing, though it varies. The hard one on your list is loans. You might
Question: What to do with small dividends in brokerage account? Answer: Assuming you have no new cash to add to your account as gyurisc has suggested, I wouldn't sweat the
Question: How to rescue my money from negative interest? Answer: First off, the answer to your question is something EVERYONE would like to know. There are fund managers at Fidelity
Question: Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it? Answer: The Government doesn't borrow money. It in fact simply prints it. The bond market is used for an advanced
Question: What should I look at before investing in a start-up? Answer: In addition to evaluating the business (great answer), consider the potential payoff. If bonds pay off in the
Question: stock(paper) delivery to home Answer: Getting "physical stocks" will in most cases only be for the "fun of it". Most stocks nowadays are registered electronically and thus the physical
Question: Does an index have a currency? Answer: There's no need for an index to have a currency as its purpose is not to act as an asset but rather
Question: Does an owner of a bond etf get an income even if he sells before the day of distribution? Answer: Bond ETFs are traded like normal stock. It just
Question: Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job? Answer: you either tell your financial department about them (e.g.
Question: Should I cancel an existing credit card so I can open another that has rewards? Answer: Hits to your credit rating for canceling one of the newer cards will
Question: Questrade - What happens if I buy U.S. stock with Canadian money? Answer: I don't believe from reading the responses above that Questrade is doing anything 'original' or 'different'
Question: What can we learn from when the trading volume is much higher/lower than average? Answer: You should not look at volume in isolation but look at it together with
Question: Is sales tax for online purchases based on billing- or shipping address? Answer: From my understanding as a seller, and having read through Amazon's 8 page calculation methodology document,
Question: Why are there so many stock exchanges in the world? Answer: Nearly every country has its own exchange because so many countries have their own currency, and currency permeates
Question: What could happen to Detroit Municipal bonds because of Detroit's filing for bankruptcy? Answer: Since the bondholders have voted to reject the emergency manager's plan, which would have paid
Question: Using property to achieve financial independence Answer: Be very careful about buying property because it has been going up quickly in recent years. There are some fundamental factors that
Question: About to start being an Independent Contractor - Any advice on estimating taxes? Answer: I agree with your strategy of using a conservative estimate to overpay taxes and get
Question: Why would a stock opening price differ from the offering price? Answer: The offering price is the price at which that IPO is, well, offered. Think of it as
Question: What should a 19 year old with a moderate inheritance look for in a financial advisor? Answer: I think your question is pretty wise, and the comments indicate that
Question: Free/open source Unix software that pulls info from all my banks/brokers/credit cards? Answer: Moneydance is a commercial application that is cross-platform. Written in Java, they run and are supported
Question: How would one follow the "smart money" when people use that term? Answer: Smart money (Merriam-Webster, Wiktionary) is simply a term that refers to the money that successful investors
Question: Advantages/Disadvantages to refinancing online? Answer: If you can deal with phone calls instead of a face to face meeting, for the average person with an average refinance online tools
Question: Why could rental costs for apartments/houses rise while buying prices can go up and down? Answer: Average rent rates will typically rise and fall, and are market-dependent just like
Question: Is it better to buy this used car from Craigslist or from a dealership? Answer: I agree with the previous comments one thing that got brought up a while
Question: Once stock prices are down, where to look for good stock market deals? Answer: Keep in mind, that bargain hunting will fail you from time to time. I know
Question: Are capitalization rate and net profit margin the same thing? Answer: Capitalization rate and "Net Profit margin" are two different things. In Capitalization rate note that we are taking
Question: Understanding taxes when buying goods at a store Answer: Grocery food is not subject to sales tax in Maryland, but some food is taxed depending on category or preparation.
Question: Personal Loan: How to define loan purpose Answer: Does that justify the purpose? That is for individual Banks to decide. No bank would pay for daily expenditure if you
Question: When should I open a "Line of credit" at my bank? Answer: The only really good reason to open a line of credit is that you want to buy
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: Playing the markets is simple...always look for the sucker in the room and outsmart
Question: What factors you have do you count on to speculate effectively? Answer: Strategy would be my top factor. While this may be implied, I do think it helps to
Question: Why are there many small banks and more banks in the U.S.? Answer: In the US, paper checks are still the rule, and there is a large amount of
Question: Should I take contributions out of my Roth IRA to live off of? Answer: Take another job. From a personal finance perspective this is the wrong reason to dip
Question: First time investor and online brokerage accounts Answer: Littleadv has given you excellent general advice, but to my mind, the most important part of it all and the path
Question: How much of a down payment for a car should I save before purchasing it? Answer: Do you need the car, or is this an optional purchase for you?
Question: Should I pay my Education Loan or Put it in the Stock Market? Answer: I read your question that you have a comfortable amount toward retirement. If not, pad
Question: Whats the difference between day trading and flipping and their tax implications? Answer: Flipping usually refers to real-estate transaction: you buy a property, improve/renovate/rehabilitate it and resell it quickly.
Question: Accounting for reimbursements that exceed actual expenses Answer: I've been in a very similar situation to yours in the past. Since the company is reimbursing you at a flat
Question: How Technical Analysts react to non-market hours effects Answer: You can't. Even as a technical trader you should know what events are coming up and be prepared. You can't
Question: What is the difference between state pension plans and defined contribution plans? Answer: The specific "State Pension" plan you have linked to is provided by the government of the
Question: Investing tax (savings) Answer: You'd want the money to be "liquid" and ready for you to use when tax time comes around. You also don't want to lose "principal",
Question: Reasons behind a large price movement of a penny stock without any recent news releases? Answer: Yes, in my humble opinion, it can be "safe" to assume that 
Question: How do you save money on clothes and shoes for your family? Answer: I feel the same way too! With two kids, I feel like I am spending what
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: While there have been plenty of good answers I would like to suggest turning it on it's head--the problem
Question: Will ADR owner enjoy same benefit as common shares holders Answer: The essential difference b/n ADR and a common share is that ADR do not have Voting rights. Common
Question: Why does money value normally decrease? Answer: Currently, the quantity theory of money is widely accepted as an accurate model of inflation in the long run. Consequently, there is
Question: Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia Answer: The ruble was, is and will be very unstable because of unstable political situation in Russia and the economy strongly dependent
Question: Does a falling dollar mean doom for real estate? Answer: A falling $AUD would be beneficial to exporters, and thus overall good for the economy. If the economy improves
Question: Any advantage to exercising ISO's in company that is not yet public? Answer: As far as I know, the AMT implications are the same for a privately held company
Question: I have savings and excess income. Is it time for me to find a financial advisor? Answer: Whether your financial status is considered "OK" depends on your aspirations. You
Question: How are people able to spend more than what they make, without going into debt? Answer: That's just his base salary for last year. Keep reading in the article:
Question: My wife and I are selling a house worth $230k-$260k. Its a rental. Should we use an agent, limited service listing agent, or FSBO? Answer: The answers you'll receive
Question: In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive? Answer: I'm kind of shocked that no formal behavioral modeling has been proposed as an explanation yet. One such
Question: Faster degree with debt or slower degree with no debt? Answer: Basically do some math on the 2 schools. Let's say you know it will take 4 years if
Question: Visitor Shopping in the US: Would I get tax refund? Would I have to pay anything upon departure? Answer: Sales tax and luxury tax is what you will have
Question: Are there any credit cards with a statement period longer than 1 month? Answer: Most credit cards will allow you to pick the closing date. In fact almost every
Question: Are credit cards not viewed as credit until you miss one payment? Answer: Of course credit cards are viewed as credit. If you're using money on a credit card,
Question: Implied or historical volatility to calculate theoretical options price with black scholes? Answer: Option pricing models used by exchanges to calculate settlement prices (premiums) use a volatility measure usually
Question: Price graphs: why not percent change? Answer: The actual price is represented on charts and not the change in price as a percentage, because it is the actual price
Question: Best personal finance strategy to control my balance Answer: My bank will let me download credit card transactions directly into a personal finance program, and by assigning categories to
Question: What is the P/E ratio for a company with negative earnings? Answer: Usually their PE ratio will just be listed as 0 or blank. Though I've always wondered why
Question: How a company can afford to give away so many shares as part of its ESOP Answer: Companies theoretically have an infinite number of equity units at their disposal.
Question: How long should I keep my tax documents, and why? Answer: Unfortunately, my taxes tend to be complicated This. In and of itself, is a greater reason to keep
Question: operating income Answer: Sedar is I guess the Canadian equivalent of EDGAR. You can find the company's filings there. Here's a picture from their filings. Can't post the link,
Question: Work as a contractor for my current employer rather than become a full time employee after my graduation for health insurance continued coverage Answer: There are several assumptions you
Question: What evidence exists for claiming that you cannot beat the market? Answer: common sentiment that no investor can consistently beat the market on returns. I guess its more like
Question: What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly? Answer: I used to think that paying off ahead of time made sense, but I no longer do, at
Question: What is a good rental yield? Answer: You will find Joe.E, that rents have increased considerably over the last 4 to 5 years in Australia. You can probably achieve
Question: Is it better to pay an insurance deductible, or get an upgrade? Answer: If you repair your phone, when your current balance is paid off, could you get the
Question: Is a fixed-price natural gas or electricity contract likely to save money? Answer: The answer to this question will vary considerably by state and how utilities are regulated in
Question: How can I buy an ETF? Answer: Usually, you can buy ETFs through brokerages. I looked at London to see if there's any familiar brokerage names, and it appears
Question: Thrift Saving Plan (TSP) Share Price Charts Answer: If you're looking to generate your own charts, you can get up-to-date TSP fund share prices in a Google Docs spreadsheet
Question: How did I end up with a fraction of a share? Answer: Theoretically, yes, you can only buy or sell whole shares (which is why you still have .16
Question: Long(100%)-Short(-100%) investment explanation Answer: If you mean the percentages of long/short positions within a mutual fund or ETF, then it's a percentage of the total value of the fund
Question: Why do people use mortgages, when they could just pay for the house in full? Answer: Some countries, like the United States, allow a mortgage interest tax deduction. This
Question: Can I actually get a share of stock issued with a piece of paper anymore? Answer: Yes you can get them from your broker. Two main advantages I can
Question: If I have no exemptions or deductions, just a simple paycheck, do I HAVE to file taxes? Answer: If you took advantage of options like a home buyers plan
Question: The Canadian dividend tax credit: Why is it that someone can earn a lot in dividends but pay no/little tax? Answer: The profits that the corporation had to earn
Question: Is This A Scam? Woman added me on LinkedIn first, then e-mailed offering me millions of dollars [duplicate] Answer: In general, if you think something even MIGHT be a
Question: If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know? Answer: Yes you tell them. I can say that I pay cash for all
Question: How converted stock is taxed due to an acquisition Answer: I don't think its a taxable event since no income has been constructively received (talking about the RSU shareholders
Question: Tax relief on UK salary income Answer: The broker that is issuing the moneys after vesting is more than likely deducting a notional amount of tax and NI based
Question: Is a currency "hedged" ETF actually a more speculative instrument than an unhedged version? Answer: Currency hedge means that you are somewhat protected from movements in currency as your
Question: What is high trading volume in a stock indicative of? Is high liquidity a good thing or a bad thing? Answer: In general, liquidity is a good thing, because
Question: Is there an advantage to a traditional but non-deductable IRA over a taxable account? [duplicate] Answer: The most common use of non-deductible Traditional IRA contributions these days, as JoeTaxpayer
Question: (Theoretical) Paying credit cards with other credit cards Answer: Three things prevent you from doing this: Credit cards generally don't accept other credit cards as payment. You could do
Question: Analysis of Valuation-Informed Indexing? Answer: This is Rob Bennett, the fellow who developed the Valuation-Informed Indexing strategy and the fellow who is discussed in the comment above. The facts
Question: What should I consider when selecting a broker/advisor to manage my IRA? Answer: I've not gotten an answer so far. Since I've started my search for a new financial
Question: Understanding a Trailing Limit if Touched Order Answer: I don't think user4358's explanation is correct. A trailing LIT Sell Order adjusts downwards, i.e. if you place the order with
Question: Should I wait a few days to sell ESPP Stock? Answer: It depends on how the program is run. If the company runs the program out of treasury stock
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Gail Vaz-Oxlade from the television show Til Debt Do Us Part has
Question: Buy Php in Malaysia and sell to Philippines Answer: basically the selling (for banks) means you will exchange PHP to MYR buying simply MYR to PHP the bank will
Question: Why would a bank take a lower all cash offer versus a higher offer via conventional lending? Answer: Often the counter-party has obligations with respect to timelines as well
Question: W2 vs 1099 Employee status Answer: Careful. I would personally need a LOT more than $5 more per hour to go from W-2 employment to 1099 employment. It boils
Question: Buying from an aggressive salesperson Answer: From your question and how you have framed it, I get you find Agressive Sales tactics disturb the buying process for you. ;)
Question: Auto Insurance: Adding another car to the existing policy (GEICO) Answer: tl;dr: Call them. I'd be very surprised if you have a problem. I used to have have a
Question: In US, is it a good idea to hire a tax consultant for doing taxes? Answer: I've been highly compensated for a while now, and I have never used
Question: Why is stock dilution legal? Answer: Theoretically, when a company issues more shares, it does not affect the value of your shares. The reason is that when a company
Question: What would be a wise way to invest savings for a newly married couple? Answer: Forgive me as I do not know much about your fine country, but I
Question: I file 83(b) election, but did't include a copy of it in that years tax return Answer: I've consulted with 5-6 accountants and people who've had the issue before.
Question: Help! I've cancelled their service, but this company continues to bill my credit card an annual fee. What can I do? Answer: I don't think you should have to
Question: Why can't I open multiple sell orders? Answer: From the message you report, it sounds like you are trying to sell the same shares twice, you have two open
Question: How are long term capital gains taxes calculated? Answer: You pay taxes on capital gains when you realize your gains by selling the investment property. Also, in the US,
Question: Are there any hedged international funds in India? Answer: No there aren't any such funds.
Question: What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage? Answer: How can one offset exposure created by real-estate purchase? provides a similar
Question: What exactly is a "derivative"? Answer: A derivative is a financial instrument of a special kind, the kind "whose price depends on, or is derived from, another asset". This
Question: How can cold-callers know about my general financial status Answer: Just a note about cold callers: I own a phone which I use solely for software development purposes. It
Question: My company owed taxes for many years, An accountant asked me to ignore it and register a new one. Is it a right thing to do? Answer: I think
Question: Everyone got a raise to them same amount, lost my higher pay than the newer employees Answer: The same thing happened to me when I worked retail during my
Question: What is a good price to "Roll" a Covered Call? Answer: There is no reason to roll an option if the current market value is lower than the strike
Question: Ways to save for child's college education where one need not commit to set contributions? [duplicate] Answer: 529 plans. They accumulate earnings over time and by the time your
Question: Why is Google's current nasdaq market cap almost twice the current share price * the No. of shares outstanding? Answer: http://mobile.nytimes.com/blogs/economix/2014/04/02/the-many-classes-of-google-stock/ Are you counting both class A and other
Question: Potential pitfalls of this volume trading strategy Answer: People are trying ideas like this, actually. Though they generally aren't very public about it. While keshlam ventures into hyperbole when
Question: Insurance company sent me huge check instead of pharmacy. Now what? Answer: So: What you do:
Question: Can I write off time I spent working on my business? Answer: To expand a little on what littleadv said, you can only deduct what something cost you. Even
Question: Canadian personal finance software with ability to export historical credit card transactions? Answer: Yodlee is the back-end which communicates with the banks, and Mint just provide a pretty layer
Question: Why should we expect stocks to go up in the long term? Answer: Stock returns cannot be evaluated on its own. You need to take into account inflation and
Question: Why don't share prices of a company rise every other Friday when the company buys shares for its own employees? Answer: Pre-Enron many companies forced the 401K match to
Question: Dollar-cost averaging: How often should one use it? What criteria to use when choosing stocks to apply it to? Answer: Dollar cost averaging is a great strategy to use
Question: Bonus issue - Increasing share capital Answer: Fully paid up Shares issued in which no more money is required to be paid to the company by shareholders on the
Question: Strategies for putting away money for a child's future (college, etc.)? Answer: I know this is a little off the wall but I bought a rental property for my
Question: Malaysian real estate: How to know if the market is overheated or in a bubble? Answer: I don't buy the "house prices will always increase due to the increased
Question: Correct Ways of Importing Personal Finance Transaction Data Answer: You'll need to find out in what format MoneyStrands expects the data. A .qif or an .ofx file may not
Question: Simple and safe way to manage a lot of cash Answer: If this money is intended to be used for retirement and depending on how old "older" is, it
Question: Perform exercise-and-hold AND exercise-and-sell-to-cover? Answer: The simplest thing to do here is to speak to your employer about what is allowed. This should be spelt out in your company's
Question: Does an index have a currency? Answer: In practice, most (maybe all) stock indices are constructed by taking a weighted average of stock prices denominated in a single currency,
Question: Strategies to recover from a bad short-term call options purchase where the underlying dropped instead? Answer: The nature of options requires you to understand that they are essentially a
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: First, don't owe (much) money on a car that's out of warranty. If you have an engine blow
Question: Determining current value for real estate for inheritance purposes Answer: There are multiple ways of determining the value of an inherited property. If you aren't planning on selling it,
Question: How hard for US customers make payments to non-resident freelancer by wire transfer? Answer: For most major banks, wire transfers are simple, if expensive, to arrange. For example, I
Question: Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments? Answer: My 401k allows cash holdings to 100% if desired. I'm not sure why some won't, they are
Question: Why is the stock market rising after Trump's attack on the TPP? Answer: Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it - Publilius Syrus It could be
Question: Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids? Answer: If commuting is a big budget item, then can you: A side job is one way to make
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: Contrary to popular belief, you can build your credit (if that is important to you) without paying a
Question: Opening American credit cards while residing in the UK Answer: Go to the states on vacation. Get a virtual (or friend's) address. Get an ITIN from the IRS. Open
Question: High expense ratio funds - are they worth it? Answer: Over the past five years, QFVOX has returned 13.67%, compared to the index fund SPY that has returned 50.39%.
Question: Are solar cell panels and wind mills worth the money? Answer: Although this isn't related to homes directly, as an IT professional I know that wind power tends to
Question: How can I compare having accounts at various banks without opening an account? Answer: I think that your best option is to use the internet to look for sites
Question: Why does my bank suddenly need to know where my money comes from? Answer: Bank runs very complex software to detect suspicious activity - terrorism financing, money laundering, etc.
Question: Does the USA have a Gold reserve? Answer: The United States is no longer on a gold standard, and the value of its currency is solely founded on the
Question: Gigantic point amount on rewards card - what are potential consequences? Answer: Most likely scenario (A): You spend tons of time and effort talking to them, with the end
Question: How do I screen for stocks that are near to their 52 weeks low Answer: Although is not online, I use a standalone version from http://jstock.sourceforge.net It got drag-n-drop
Question: How much do big firms and investors affect the stock market? Answer: It's not either or. Much of the time the value of the stock has some tangible relation
Question: Is ScholarShare a legitimate entity for a 529 plan in California? Answer: For a parent deciding on contributing to a 529 plan the first consideration is the plan run
Question: How can I estimate business taxes / filing fees for a business that has $0 income? Answer: You need to hire a tax professional and have them sort it
Question: What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why? Answer: The best asset allocation is one that lets you sleep well at night. Can you stomach
Question: If I use stock as collateral for a loan and I default, does the bank pay taxes when they sell my stock? Answer: Will the bank be taxed on
Question: What should I do about proxy statements? Answer: You own a fractional share of the company, maybe you should care enough to at least read the proxy statements which
Question: Are the "debt reduction" company useful? Answer: They are a complete waste of money, see my answer here for more details.
Question: Can I profit from selling a PUT on BBY? Answer: Yes. You got it right. If BBY has issues and drops to say, $20, as the put buyer, I
Question: Should I pay off my student loan before buying a house? Answer: There may be specific answers that can be determined based on the interest rates, amounts, tax provisions,
Question: Do any publically available documents from IR or SEC include all patents the company holds? Answer: It appears as others have said that companies are not required to state
Question: Fractional Reserve Banking and Insolvency Answer: A bank is insolvent when it can no longer meet its short-term obligations. In this example, the bank is insolvent when depositors withdraw
Question: Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry Answer: Here's another attempt at explanation: it's basically because parabolas are flat at the bottom. Let me
Question: Selling on eBay without PayPal? Answer: Dwolla looks to be a great option. But it requires users to have an account there (Free to sign up). And there rates
Question: Calculating profits on a covered call. What method do you use? Answer: at $8.50: total profit = $120.00 *basis of stock, not paid in cash, so not included in
Question: I made an investment with a company that contacted me, was it safe? Answer: It is a Scam. Don't invest more money here. Their website is the proof. Investments
Question: It is worth using a discount stock broker? I heard they might not get the best price on a trade? Answer: Always use limit orders never market orders. Period.
Question: Filing Taxes for Two Separate Jobs Being Worked at the Same Time? Answer: Welcome to the wonderful but oft confusing world of self-employment. Your regular job will withhold income
Question: Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments with Monthly Income Answer: I hope I'm misunderstanding your plan... you want to invest in a way that will make SO
Question: What are the tax liabilities for an Indian citizen working in the US? Answer: Tax liability in US: You would need to determine if you are a resident alien
Question: Is expense to freelancers tax deductible? Answer: Yes, legitimate, documented, expenses are written off against that income.
Question: Is there any truth to the saying '99% of the world's millionaires have become rich by doing real estate'? Answer: Most millionaires became millionaires by being very frugal and
Question: Is income from crypto-currencies taxed? Answer: Mining is income at the value at time of earning, I would use an index like XBX to determine price. Asset appreciation is
Question: Why do I get a much better price for options with a limit order than the ask price? Answer: I can often get the option at [a] price [between
Question: Is there a generally accepted term for fractions of Currency Units? Answer: of course if you asked me to give you $24.4955 I can't. No, but if I asked
Question: Is 6% too high to trade stocks on margin? Answer: That seems a little high in my experience. I've used a home equity line of credit instead, as the
Question: Using stock options to lower income tax in the USA? Answer: You're talking about NQO - non-qualified stock options. Even assuming the whole scheme is going to work, the
Question: Multi-year profit/tax question Answer: This is called "Net Operating Loss", and it is in fact applicable for individuals as well. You can, under certain circumstances, have NOL even as
Question: What could cause a stock to trade below book value? Answer: Discrepancies between what the book value is reported as and what they'd fetch if sold on the open
Question: Can a trade happen "in between" the bid and ask price? Answer: Re: A trader when buying needs to buy at the ask price and when selling needs to
Question: Is there any emprical research done on 'adding to a loser' Answer: It works if after the price has halved and you buy more the price then rises, however
Question: Do credit checks affect credit scores? Answer: There are two types of credit checks. First is the hard pull which is typically done when you apply for a credit
Question: When writing a covered call, what's the difference between a "net debit" and a "net credit"? Answer: When you buy a stock and sell a covered call, the call
Question: how exactly do companies make money from warrants? Answer: Well, they don't "make" money in the sense of income, but they receive money in exchange for shares of stock
Question: Advantages/disadvantages of buying stocks on dips vs buying outright? Answer: Dollar-Cost averaging will allow you to reduce your risk while the stock prices falls provided: You must invest a
Question: Can rent be added to your salary when applying for a mortgage? Answer: I can answer Scenario #3. If you are purchasing a property with buy-to-let intentions [] can
Question: Am I responsible for an annual fee on a credit card I never picked up? Answer: In the end, I was not required to pay the fee. After some
Question: Does an employee have the right to pay the federal and state taxes themselves instead of having employer doing it? Answer: No. An employer is legally obliged to deduct
Question: Exercise a put option when shorting is not possible Answer: You can buy a put and exercise it. The ideal option in this case will have little time premium
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: Weather events and aging infrastructure. Cash will buy gasoline, food and water when there is no power or telephone
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Firstly, sorry about the accident. I am afraid you will need to do your own
Question: Mexican Index Mutual Funds Answer: The recommendations you read were, very probably, talking about US listed funds in US dollars. The mexican Bolsa de Valores says that they list
Question: Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won't continue to live there your whole life Answer: The mortgage is a debt and you pay interest
Question: If I'm going to start doing my own taxes soon, do I need to start keeping receipts for everything? Answer: The other reason you might want to keep receipts
Question: How is taxation for youtube/twitch etc monetization handled in the UK? Answer: The HMRC has a dedicated self-help/learning site that is helpful here: It's important to tell HMRC that
Question: Received mysterious K-1 form, seeking answers Answer: You should contact the company and the broker about the ownership. Do you remember ever selling your position? When you look back
Question: Is buying a home a good idea? Answer: A home actually IS a terrible investment. It has all the traits of something you would NEVER want to plunge your
Question: Where does the money go when I buy stocks? Answer: The money goes to the seller. There are a lot of behind the scenes things that happen, and some
Question: Do you have to be mega-rich to invest in companies pre-IPO? Answer: No you don't have to be super-rich. But... the companies do not have to sell you shares,
Question: Can I get a tax deduction for PMI? Answer: No. And I'll let my good friend and fellow blogger Kay Bell answer in some detail, in her article Deducting
Question: What are futures and how are they different from options? Answer: For futures, you are obligated to puchase the security at $x when the contract expires. For an option,
Question: How do I find out the Earnings Per Share of a Coca Cola Co Share? Answer: Market cap should be share price times number of shares, right? That's several
Question: What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States? Answer: Is all interest on a first time home deductible on taxes? What does that even
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: Yeah, too subjective of a question I shorted BP last year during the deep water
Question: Money market account for emergency savings Answer: From a quick look at sources on the web, it looks to me like Money Market Accounts and savings accounts are both
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: I have a fair number of cards floating around some reasons I have opened multiple accounts. I
Question: Why liquidity implies tight spread and low slippage Answer: Consider the case where a stock has low volume. If the stock normally has a few hundred shares trade each
Question: Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price Answer: If the discount is only for financed car then their software application should have accepted the payment
Question: How are shares used, and what are they, physically? Answer: For some very small private companies I know of (and am part of), paper stocks do exist. You can
Question: How do I build wealth? Answer: As others have stated, CEO's often make more than 200K, and when they do, they're compensated with stock options and other lucrative bonuses
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: Intuit Quicken. Pros: Cons:
Question: Does a stock holder profit from a reverse-stock split? Answer: If I held stock in these companies yesterday, would I have profited by these gains? No. For DZSI, your
Question: Short term investing vs Leaving money alone? Answer: There are three basic concepts finance (as far as I'm concerned). Liquidity is basically an asset's spendability. Assets range in liquidity
Question: What is the future of 401(k) in terms of stability and reliability? Answer: My guess is that the point is that yields on bonds and cash equivalents is so
Question: When does Ontario's HST come into effect? Answer: In general you must charge HST on and after July 1, 2010. However, in the case of delivered sales, you must
Question: How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser) Answer: There was a study last year -- it was all over the news -- that concluded that
Question: How do I handle taxes on a very large "gift" from my employers? Answer: You're right about your suspicions. I'm not a professional (I suggest you talk to a
Question: Are option contracts subject to mark to market rules Answer: If I sell a covered call, on stock I own 100%, there is no risk of a margin call.
Question: Are those "auto-pilot" programs a scam or waste of time? Answer: These have been around for decades. In the 80's and 90's they had you setup small ads in
Question: Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal? Answer: I think people are missing the most obvious thing. The yearly rate increases are just part of the landlord
Question: How should I save money if the real interest rate (after inflation) is negative? Answer: Inflation protected securities (i-bonds or TIPS). TIPS stands for Treasury Inflation Protected Securities. By
Question: Would the effects of an anticipated default by a nation be mostly symbolic? Answer: It's only symbolic if things continue as if nothing had happened. Once large segments of
Question: Should I sell when my stocks are growing? Answer: There is an approach which suggests that each weekend you should review your positions as if they were stocks to
Question: Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child? Answer: A $10,000 life insurance policy on a child only
Question: What are good games to play to teach young children about saving money? Answer: Animal Crossing is great for all ages and teaches kids the importance of saving money
Question: How can I determine which stores are regarded as supermarkets for a rewards credit card? Answer: Contact AmEx. They are the only ones who might have a current list.
Question: Passing money through a different account to avoid cash pay-in fees Answer: buy a cashiers check with the cash (a CRT will be nec if over 10 K) and
Question: In Canada, how much money can I gift a friend or family member without them being taxed on it? Answer: If the person gifting the property owed any debt
Question: Using Fibonacci Extensions to set profit targets? Answer: fibonacci levels (retracements,expansions, arcs) are all arbitrary numbers with no statistical significance. that said thousands of traders world over use, view
Question: Bucketing investments to track individual growths Answer: Some personal finance packages can track basis cost of individual purchase lots or fractions thereof. I believe Quicken does, for example. And
Question: Cheapest way to wire or withdraw money from US account while living in Europe Answer: I use xoom.com to transfer money to India. I've been using them for over
Question: Mortgage interest income tax deduction during year with a principal residence change Answer: http://www.irs.gov/publications/p936/ar02.html#en_US_2010_publink1000229891 If you still own it, you get to deduct all of it. In my taxes
Question: What credit card information are offline US merchants allowed to collect for purposes other than the transaction? Answer: Zip code, as well as billing address, is used in conjunction
Question: If there's no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense? Answer: There is a trade-off. It can be worthwhile because you save those extra trips. (On the
Question: Meanings of "price of the derivative" Answer: @Tim - in this case, a futures contract isn't like an options contract. It's simply a method of entering into an agreement
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: You can make a contingent offer: "I will buy this house if I sell my own." In
Question: Should I remodel or buy a bigger house? Answer: After a 6% commission to sell, you have $80K in equity. 20% down on a $400K house. 5% down will
Question: Are wash sale rules different for stocks and ETFs / Mutual Funds? Answer: What JoeTaxpayer means is that you can sell one ETF and buy another that will perform
Question: What is my next step with investing, given a signing bonus of restricted stock units? Answer: Coincidentally just read a nice post on this topic: http://thefinancebuff.com/no-tax-advantage-in-rsu.html In short, sell
Question: Purpose of having good credit when you are well-off? Answer: Because even if you won the lottery, without at least some credit history you will have trouble renting cars
Question: I am looking for software to scan and read receipts Answer: Try the following apps/services: Receipt Bank (paid service, gathers paper receipts, scans them and processes the data), I've
Question: What can I do with a physical stock certificate for a now-mutual company? Answer: I found the following on a stock to mutual conversion for insurance firms for Ohio.
Question: Employee stock option plan with undefined vesting? Answer: An option without the vesting period and the price at which one can exercise the option is of not much value.
Question: Super-generic mutual fund type Answer: It sounds like you want a place to park some money that's reasonably safe and liquid, but can sustain light to moderate losses. Consider
Question: Should we park our money in our escrow account? Answer: You should talk to a financial fiduciary (make sure they are a fiduciary, not all planners are) about investing
Question: Are credit cards not viewed as credit until you miss one payment? Answer: Not sure what you mean by "missing". Credit card debt can be paid back in full
Question: Who should pay taxes in my typical case? Answer: The bottom line is you broke the law. While this is pretty much victimless, it is none the less a
Question: What significant negative factors affect Yahoo's valuation? Answer: There are two very large negative factors that affect Yahoo's valuation. The first is that their search business is in decline
Question: What are "preferred" stocks? How are they different from normal (common) stocks? Answer: It is just a different category of stock issued by a company that gives its owners
Question: Is there a good options strategy that has a fairly low risk? Answer: Check out this site: http://www.m-x.ca/produits_options_actions_en.php (Under the Trading Strategies). If you have a background in math
Question: Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors? Answer: Shares are for investors. Most of the rich are investors. Unfortunately, the reverse is not true. But if you want
Question: Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe? Answer: Typically developing economics are marked by moderate to high inflation [as they are growing at
Question: Is it a good idea to teach children that work is linearly related to income? Answer: I don't know if it counts as a formal answer, but Dale Carnegie
Question: In double entry book-keeping, how should I record writing of a check? Answer: I have no idea what the traditional accounting way of dealing with this might be; but
Question: What happens to your ability to borrow money based on our joint finances? Answer: The bank will consider total of both parties income for the loan qualification. Provided both
Question: Wash sale rule impact on different scenarios between different types of accounts Answer: Brokerage->Brokerage 13-16 The loss from the previous purchase will be added to the cost basis of
Question: Which Earnings Figure for Graham's "Stock Selection for the Defensive Investor"? Answer: In the Income Statement that you've linked to, look for the line labeled "Net Income". That's followed
Question: Approximate IT company valuation (to proximate stock options value) Answer: This situation sounds better than most, the company it seems likely to be profitable in the future. As such
Question: Investment Options for 14-year old? Answer: When I was about your age I had the same kind of situation. I asked my bank about possible options and one of
Question: What tax software automatically determines the best filing status, etc? Answer: Rob - I'm sorry your first visit here has been unpleasant. What you are asking for is beyond
Question: What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan? Answer: the best thing to do is file bankrupt. your credit will be shot for 7 to 10 years. however
Question: How do I manage my portfolio as stock evaluation criteria evolve? Answer: Don't sell. Ever. Well almost. A number of studies have shown that buying equal amounts of shares
Question: Other than being able to borrow to invest, how is a margin trading account different from a cash account? Answer: In summary: In long form: Spreads and shorts are
Question: Can a company charge you for services never requested or received? Answer: I have had a couple of businesses do this to me. I simply ask them to come
Question: What does net selling or buying of a stock mean? Answer: Consider the mechanic which actually drives the 'price' of a stock. In simplest terms, the 'price' of a
Question: Avoid Capital Gains on Rental Answer: What you are looking for is a 1031 exchange. https://www.irs.gov/uac/like-kind-exchanges-under-irc-code-section-1031 Whenever you sell business or investment property and you have a gain, you
Question: What implications does having the highest household debt to disposable income ratio have on Australia? Answer: It is basically the same situation what US was when the crash happened.
Question: In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house? Answer: There's probably no simple answer, but it's fair to say there are bad times to
Question: What emergencies could justify a highly liquid emergency fund? Answer: I tend to agree that the need for liquidity is overplayed in this day and age. We live in
Question: What's the difference between Market Cap and NAV? Answer: At any given moment, one can tally the numbers used for NAV. It's math, and little more. The Market Cap,
Question: Should I pay my Education Loan or Put it in the Stock Market? Answer: For the sake of sanity, pay off your debt maybe not all but some part
Question: What are the top "market conditions" to follow? Answer: The best advice I've heard regarding market conditions is: Buy into fear, and sell into greed. That is, get in
Question: Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns? Answer: First is storage which is a big and a detrimental
Question: Debit card funds on preauthorization hold to paypal: can it be used for another transaction? Answer: You said the hold would last a week. That's your answer. No you
Question: How do I build wealth? Answer: Another possibility is that a lot of it is bought using borrowed money. Especially if much of your own money is in the
Question: why do I need an emergency fund if I already have investments? Answer: It all depends on the liquidity of your investments some examples: You can mitigate only the
Question: Should I pay more than 20% down on a home? Answer: A few thoughts off the top of my head: Advantages of more than 20% down: Disadvantages of more
Question: Why do some companies offer 401k retirement plans? Answer: The company itself doesn't benefit. In most cases, it's an expense as the match that many offer is going to
Question: What is the preferred way to finance home improvements when preparing to sell your house? Answer: You should look into a home equity line of credit: A home equity
Question: Do my 401k/Roth accounts benefit from compounding? Answer: You might be confusing two different things. An advantage of investing over a long term is the compounding of returns. Those
Question: Question about MBS and how it pays Answer: A security is a class of financial instrument you can trade on the market. A share of stock is a kind
Question: Is there any "Personal" Finance app that allows 2 administrators? Answer: We use mint for just that. We have a "shared" account. We each have the mobile app and
Question: Is it better to buy this used car from Craigslist or from a dealership? Answer: I do not think you are missing much. One thing you have right is
Question: What is the best way to make a bet that a certain stock will go up in the medium term? Answer: Specific stock advice isn't permitted on these boards.
Question: Am I still building a credit score if I use my credit card like a debit card? Answer: I strongly suggest you look at CreditKarma and see how each
Question: Is an analyst's "price target" assumed to be for 12 months out? Answer: I wouldn't put too much stock in the guidance generically... it's more a measure of confidence
Question: Automatic Extension online filing request gets denied w/ code R0000-052-01 - why? Answer: There are penalties for failure to file and penalties for failure to pay tax. The penalties
Question: How is your credit score related to credit utilization? Answer: 1 - yes, it's fine to pay in full and it helps your score. 2 - see chart above,
Question: Buy a parking spot and rent it out, or invest savings in an interest-bearing account? Answer: From strictly a gross revenue point of view, the parking spot is going
Question: Income At the Sell or Reception? Answer: It looks like fair-market value when you receive your virtual currency is counted as income. And you're also subject to self-employment tax
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: Rule of thumb: Invest in a tax deferred account only if your marginal tax rate is higher now than
Question: 1.4 million cash. What do I do? Answer: Have you considered investing in real estate? Property is cheap now and you have enough money for several properties. The income
Question: Do people tend to spend less when using cash than credit cards? Answer: I found the study "The irrationality of payment behaviour" accidentally while searching on the term "DNB
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: As others mentioned, the only clear reason to remain in debt is if you can find an investment
Question: Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership? Answer: The safest way is to not sign contracts with terms that are onerous to you.
Question: In Australia, how to battle credit card debt? Answer: Short-term, getting a balance transfer will help. It'll reduce the interest you pay. You can also reduce the interest you
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: People who rent an apartment will typically pay by check. Probably 90% of the checks I have written are for rent.
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: It's not so much the rate of the debt as it is the total cost of the
Question: Is it impossible to get a home loan with a poor credit history after a divorce? Answer: No, it is never impossible to get credit so long as there
Question: Option spreads in registered accounts Answer: From my own personal experience, you cannot trade spreads in RRSP or TFSA accounts in Canada. You can only buy options (buy a
Question: Can dividends be exploited? Answer: In addition to the other answers it's also noteworthy that the stock exchanges themselves adjust the price quotes via their ex-div mechanism. All limit
Question: Why is a stock dividend considered a dividend? What makes it different from a stock split? Answer: You can argue that cash dividend is a kind of split as
Question: What can make a stock price rise without good news or results? Answer: The simple answer could be that one or more "people" decided to buy. By "people," I
Question: JCI headache part 2: How to calculate cost basis / tax consequences of JCI -> ADNT spinoff? Answer: Your 1099-B report for ADNT on the fractional shares of cash
Question: What options do I have at 26 years old, with 1.2 million USD? Answer: Since the question asked for options, rather than advice, Ill offer a few. And you
Question: 250k USD in savings. What's next? Answer: You're off to a great start. Here are the steps I would take: 1.) Pay off any high-interest debt. 2.) Keep six
Question: How do share buybacks work? Answer: Something to note is that when a company announces a share buyback program there is usually a time frame and amount of shares
Question: Is there a correlation between self-employment and wealth? Answer: Many studies show that the wealthiest households are self employed and small business owners. But there is significant risk associated,
Question: Why does it seem unnecessary to fully save for irregular periodic expenses? Answer: If you just had one expense once a year of $1200, you would put in $100
Question: Value of a call option spread Answer: I think you're missing the fact that the trader bought the $40 call but wrote the $45 call -- i.e. someone else
Question: How splits and dividends affect option prices Answer: Investopedia explains how a stock split impacts the stock's options: Each option contract is typically in control of 100 shares of
Question: Applying for and receiving business credit Answer: Banks will usually look at 2 years worth of tax returns for issuing business credit. If those aren't available (for instance, for
Question: Is it a bad idea to buy a motorcycle with a lien on it? Answer: It's extra work for you to purchase a vehicle that has an outstanding lien
Question: How can banks afford to offer credit card rewards? Answer: One reason why some merchants in the US don't accept Discover is that the fee the store is charged
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: My experience with owning a home is that its like putting down roots and can be like an
Question: Multi-Account Budgeting Tools/Accounts/Services Answer: I sort of do this with credit cards. I actually have 4 AMEX cards that I've accumulated over the years. Certain types of expenses go
Question: Is there a law or regulation that governs the maximum allowable interest amount that can be charged on credit cards or in agreements where credit is extended? Answer: What
Question: In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house? Answer: Property in general tends to go up in value. That's one advantage you won't get
Question: Is it wise to switch investment strategy frequently? Answer: I understand you're trying to ask a narrow question, but you're basically asking whether you should time the market. You
Question: What is the correct answer for percent change when the start amount is zero dollars $0? Answer: In computing, you'd generally return naa%, for 'not a number'. Could you
Question: Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS Answer: Until the CARD act, credit card rules required
Question: US resident with Canadian income via T4A-NR Answer: As per the Canada-U.S. Tax Treaty (the "Treaty"), a U.S. corporation carrying on business in Canada is only subject to taxation
Question: What is inflation? Answer: I've seen a lot of long and complicated answers here so here is my simple and short answer: Let's say the economy consists of: 10
Question: A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea? Answer: The power of compounding interest and returns is an amazing thing. Start educating yourself about investing,
Question: What if you get pre-approved for a mortgage but don't find a house in the pre-approval timeframe? Answer: As mentioned before - you're over-thinking the hard-pull issue. But do
Question: international student tax deduction while trading Answer: So, my question is what is the limit below which I don't have to pay taxes while trading. I just invested $10.
Question: Why do car rental companies prefer/require credit over debit cards? Answer: I am not sure if this is the actual reason or not, but all of the major credit
Question: After a stock dividend, how do you calculate holding periods for capital gains taxes? Answer: Stock acquired through a (non-taxable) stock dividend has the same holding period as the
Question: Does U.S. tax code call for small business owners to count business purchases as personal income? Answer: I am going to keep things very simple and explain the common-sense
Question: How to manage $50k in Savings? Answer: In today's market being paid 1% for risk and free access money is pretty darn good. If 50k is what you feel
Question: Understanding how this interpretation of kelly criterion helps the trader Answer: The goal of the kelly criterion strategy is to find a balance between preservation of starting capital and
Question: Process for dissolving a recently-opened Colorado LLC? Answer: Forms for the Colorado LLCs are online. You can find the link to the dissolution form here, and instructions here. IRS
Question: How do I know if a dividend stock is "safe" and not a "dividend yield trap"? Answer: Great answers. Here's my two cents: First, don't forget to look at
Question: HSBC Hong Kong's "Deposit Plus" Product: What is it, and what strategies to employ? Answer: 15-19% gains also includes 15-19% and greater losses. They may not be required to
Question: Trading when you work for a market participant Answer: Ask someone in Human Resources. I seriously doubt you are the first person to ask this question for their company
Question: Why buy a vertical spread if I could instead buy a naked call? Answer: Late to the party, but it's just improving your cost basis in a defined risk
Question: Buy the open and set a 1% limit sell order Answer: Nothing is wrong and it should be profitable - but it sounds too good to be true. The
Question: As a 22-year-old, how risky should I be with my 401(k) investments? Answer: At 22 years old, you can afford to be invested 100% in the stock market. Like
Question: Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home? Answer: I am going to add just one more item to what
Question: UK Ltd taxation on stocks/bonds income and real estate rent income Answer: For stocks, bonds, ETF funds and so on - Taxed only on realised gain and losses are
Question: 3% Equity options in software company, entitles me to revenue share? Answer: It might, but it also might not. The Board of Directors gets to decide whether and how
Question: Buying and selling the same stock Answer: If you buy for $1 and sell $1 when the price goes to $2, you would have sold only half of your
Question: Mortgage loan plus home loan Answer: You can be a co-borrower on the property that your father owns. Some Banks require that you also be part owner of the
Question: File Taxes: US Expat, now married to foreign national Answer: When I was in this situation, I always did Married Filing Separately. In the space for spouse you just
Question: Why don't banks print their own paper money / bank notes? Answer: In the US, this was the case during the 19th century. There was a system of "subscriptions"
Question: Are car buying services worth it? Answer: Depends on how you value your time. These programs do not say they will get you the lowest basement price; they say
Question: Where can I find the dividend history for a stock? Answer: I second @DumbCoder, every company seems to have its own way of displaying the next dividend date and
Question: W-4 was not updated when moving from part-time to full-time, still showed Tax-Exempt. What happens now? Answer: The W4 specifies withholding for income taxes, FICA taxes are not impacted.
Question: Newbie question - Brokerage and selling shares Answer: Capital gains tax is an income tax upon your profit from selling investments. Long-term capital gains (investments you have held for
Question: What are online payment options with no chargeback protection? Answer: Generally there's no ultimate protection against charge backs. Some methods are easier to charge back and some harder, and
Question: Need to change cash to cashier's check without bank account (Just arrived to the US) Answer: A cashier's check costs money to get and is not connected to an
Question: Pay down on second mortage when underwater? Answer: There are programs out there which will let you refinance even when underwater, under the Government's HARP program. You are overpaying
Question: How do the wealthy pay for things? Answer: While you would probably not use your ATM card to buy a $1M worth mansion, I've heard urban legends about people
Question: I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account mistake? Answer: Yes. Although I imagine the risk is small, you can remove the risk by splitting your money
Question: How can I find data on delisted stocks? Answer: In general you cannot. Once the security is no longer listed on the exchange - it doesn't have to provide
Question: What does "Net Depreciation in Fair Value" mean on a financial report? Answer: First, the annual report is just that, a snapshot that shows value at the beginning and
Question: Can I deduct work equipment I am not required to purchase by my employer? Answer: Old question, but in the comments of the accepted answer, I believe Nate Eldredge
Question: Invest in (say, index funds) vs spending all money on home? Answer: Here in the UK, the rule of thumb is to keep a lot of equity in your
Question: US sanctions against foreign citizens Answer: Are most big US based financial institutions and banks in such a close relationship with USCIS (United States Citizenship And Immigration Services) so
Question: Can you recommend some good websites/brokers for buying/selling stocks in India? Answer: API wise there's just one at the retail level: Interactive Brokers (India). Brokerage is high though -
Question: Is it wise to switch investment strategy frequently? Answer: A guy who does a sports talk show here in the US can be pretty smart about some things. His
Question: (Theoretical) Paying credit cards with other credit cards Answer: If you had a CC issuer that allowed you to do bill-pay this way, I suspect the payment would be
Question: Should I pay off my car loan within the year? Answer: Your plan isn't bad, but it probably isn't worth the cost for the small amount of credit building
Question: Electric car lease or buy? Answer: I have coworker who reported that he leased a Nissan Leaf from 2013-2016 and was offered $4000 off the contracted purchase price at
Question: Pros/cons for buying gold vs. saving money in an interest-based account? Answer: What you are seeing is the effects of inflation. As money becomes less valuable it takes more
Question: Why are capital gains taxed at a lower rate than normal income? Answer: I think this question is very nearly off-topic for this site, but I also believe that
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: Yes, you are getting shafted. In the end,
Question: Options revisited: Gold fever Answer: You'll still lose a little bit if you buy a put option at the current price. No such thing as free hedging. Let's say
Question: How do I evaluate reasonability of home improvement projects? Answer: If you're looking for some formula, I don't think one exists. People talk about this all the time and
Question: 18 year old making $60k a year; how should I invest? Traditional or Roth IRA? Answer: In asnwer to your questions: As @joetaxpayer said, you really should look into
Question: Self-directed RRSP into mortgage investment Answer: The Globe and Mail has an interesting article on what you can do with your RRSPs. Be aware that the article is from
Question: Changes in Capital Gains Tax in the US - Going to 20% in 2011? Answer: Consider doing things that will allow for tax deductions, such as short selling. The
Question: How Warren Buffett made his money Answer: There is actually a recent paper that attempted to decompose Buffett's outperformance. I've quoted the abstract below: "Berkshire Hathaway has realized a
Question: How to deal with the credit card debt from family member that has passed away? Answer: Sorry for your loss. Like others have said Debts cannot be inherited period
Question: devastated with our retirement money that we have left Answer: I'll be blunt.
Question: I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle? Answer: Get on a written budget at the BEGINNING of the month. If
Question: Mortgage refinancing fees Answer: 2.5%? Whoa, you are being robbed there. Straight-up, stripped-down, and bent-over-a-table robbed. Never agree to "fees". If they don't want to do the work to
Question: Are there any risks from using mint.com? Answer: Mint.com uses something called OFX (Open Financial Exchange) to get the information in your bank account. If someone accessed your mint
Question: Are Index Funds really as good as "experts" claim? Answer: Two main points to answer this in my opinion. First, most people don't start with say half a million
Question: Why buy insurance? Answer: This is just an addition to base64's answer. In order to maximize your overall wealth (and wellbeing) in a long run, it is not enough
Question: How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check Answer: We have a local bank that changed to a bill pay service. The money
Question: Does reading financial statements (quarterly or annual reports) really help investing? Answer: Reading and analyzing financial statements is one of the most important tasks of Equity Analysts which look
Question: Why would I buy a bond with a negative yield? Answer: It would be preferable to purchase a bond with a negative yield if the negative yield was the
Question: Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas? Answer: In northwest Arkansas, most of the houses this company offers do cost about 90
Question: Is Amazon's offer of a $50 gift card a scam? Answer: The 'store card' that Amazon offers gives 5% back on Amazon purchases. Some time ago, when I realized
Question: How are they earning money in the movie "Trading Places"? Answer: Sell 200 at 142. What does that mean? I haven't seen the movie, so I won't try to
Question: Dollar Cost Averaging (Or value averaging) vs Lot sizes, what am I missing? Answer: This is more than likely a thing about your financial institution and the exchanges where
Question: Entering the stock market in a poor economy Answer: Forecasts of stock market direction are not reliable, so you shouldn't be putting much weight on them. Long term, you
Question: Why haven't there been personal finance apps or softwares that use regression modeling or A.I.? Answer: Consumer facing finance is heavily regulated. You are liable for the recommendations you
Question: Selling on eBay without PayPal? Answer: I've definitely seen a similar conversation about this, I personally don't buy from eBay (Amazon for me). So I turned to the internet
Question: Can saving/investing 15% of your income starting age 25, likely make you a millionaire? Answer: It depends on how much you save, how much your savings earns each year.
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: Be very careful with this. When we tried this with furniture,
Question: Are parking spaces and garage boxes a good investment? Answer: In Italy (even with taxes that are more than 50% on income) owning garages is generally a good business,
Question: Can a company block a specific person from buying its stock? Answer: I assume you are talking about a publicly traded company listed on a major stock exchange and
Question: What are the best software tools for personal finance? Answer: I like You Need A Budget (YNAB) Pros: Cons:
Question: Why ever use a market order? Answer: The purpose of a market order is to guarantee that your order gets filled. If you try to place a limit order
Question: Would I qualify for a USDA loan? Answer: I'd like to suggest a plan. First, I know you want to buy a house. I get that, and that is
Question: Which banks have cash-deposit machines in Germany? Answer: HypoVereinsbank (member of UniCredit group), a few savings banks ("Sparkasse") and VR Banks offer cash (bill) deposit machines. However, it can
Question: Any Tips on How to Get the Highest Returns Within 4 Months by Investing in Stocks? Answer: Try using technical analysis, look at the charts and look for stocks
Question: What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones? Answer: I was at a restaurant
Question: What increases your chance of being audited? Answer: Here is an article that claims to know something about it. Here are a selection of quotes: The IRS says there
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: A very interesting topic, as I am moving to the US in a month. I realise this thread is old but
Question: Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock? Answer: Will there be a scenario in which I want to sell, but nobody wants to buy from me and
Question: What is "financial literacy" and how does one become "financially literate"? Answer: Wikipedia has a nice definition of financial literacy (emphasis below is mine): [...] refers to an individual's
Question: How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock? Answer: One such strategy I have heard for those who have this opportunity is to
Question: Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively? Answer: Rebates are a great way to give discounts
Question: Gift card fraud: To whom to report? How to recover funds? Is the party which issued me the card liable? Answer: Citibank just sent me a $100 check. Here's
Question: Whether to prepay mortgage or invest in stocks Answer: In all likelihood, the best thing you can do, if these really are your only two options (ie no other
Question: What is a good size distribution for buying gold? Answer: Diversification is an important aspect of precious metals investing. Therefore I would suggest diversifying in a number of different
Question: Class of shares specifically for retirement accounts with contribution limits Answer: The fair price of a stock is the present value of its future payments. That means the stock
Question: Buying a house. I have the cash for the whole thing. Should I still get a mortgage to get the homeowner tax break? Answer: Your wealth will go up
Question: Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances? Answer: Most of the consumer products that you buy at retail these days are commodity priced, and have
Question: What do do with traditional IRA if I'm maxing out contributions to employer 401k and want to open a Roth Answer: You have many options, and there is no
Question: As a minor in the UK do I need to pay taxes on self-employment income, and if so how? Answer: As a minor you certainly can pay tax, the
Question: Expiring 401(k) Stock Option and Liquidation Implications Answer: I have had this happen a couple of times because of splits or sales of portions of the company. The general
Question: Clarify Microsoft's explanation of MIRR Answer: The MIRR formula uses the finance rate to discount negative cash flows, but since the only negative cash flow in the example in
Question: How will the net assets of a bankrupt company be divided among the common share holders Answer: All investors of equal standing get the same proportion of the net
Question: Are Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) less safe than regular mutual funds? Answer: If anything, the price of an ETF is more tightly coupled to the underlying holdings or assets than
Question: Huge return on investment, I feel like im doing the math wrong Answer: And now it is at about $3. Many times "skeletons" are bought and inflated for various
Question: Single employee - paying for health insurance premiums with pre-tax money Answer: The answer likely depends a bit on which state you are in, but this should be true
Question: How to sell option with no volume Answer: A few observations - A limit order can certainly work, as you've seen. I've put in such an order far beyond
Question: How to diversify IRA portfolio given fund minimum investments and IRA contribution limits? Answer: Many mutual fund companies (including Vanguard when I checked many years ago) require smaller minimum
Question: Does home equity grow with the investment put into the house? Answer: If I have a house that its market value went from $100k to $140k can I get
Question: Is there a sell-side version of dollar-cost averaging? Answer: None of your options or strategies are ideal. Have you considered looking at the stock chart and making a decision?
Question: Table of how many years it takes to make a specified return on the stock market? Answer: Well depends but "on average" the stock market has historically returned somewhere
Question: Cost basis allocation question: GM bonds conversion to stock & warrants Answer: Because the distribution date was APR 21, 2011, THAT should be the correct date for ascertainng the
Question: How to determine duration of a common stock whose dividends grow in perpetuity? Answer: The Dividend Discount Model is based on the concept that the present value of a
Question: F-1 Visa expired - Unable to repay private student loan. What to do? Answer: As an international student, the tuition is sky high. Typically, most students take loans for
Question: New car: buy with cash or 0% financing Answer: Some things you missed in your analysis: How will financing change your insurance costs? I.e. what is the difference between
Question: Is it worth buying real estate just to safely invest money? Answer: People in the United States in the mid-2000's thought that real estate was safe. Then they discovered
Question: Why can't house prices be out of tune with salaries Answer: Here's another way to think about. Let's assume it is 2011 and we have a married couple who
Question: Why do people buy new cars they can not afford? Answer: Many reasons So in general you are paying more for peace of mind when you buy a new
Question: Should I prioritize retirement savings inside of my HSA? Answer: Unquestionably I think the priority should be funding retirement through ROTH/IRA/401K over HSA extra. Obviously you need to fund
Question: What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money? Answer: You or your girlfriend might also consider one of the myriad home "franchises" available (Pampered
Question: I've tracked my spending and have created a budget, now what do I do with it? Answer: I'm reminded of a conversation I had regarding food. I used the
Question: Why might a share price have not changed for several days? Answer: It is because 17th was Friday, 18th-19th were weekends and 20th was a holiday on the Toronto
Question: Why are there so many stock exchanges in the world? Answer: Why are there so many stock exchanges in the world? The simple answer is that there is a
Question: How to return 4 - 6% on savings / investments with little / no management? Answer: I'm assuming you mean 4-6% annually over 10-15 years. If you mean 4%-6%
Question: What are the financial advantages of living in Switzerland? Answer: The lake is beautiful. The Swiss people are really good educated The companies want to be a part of
Question: Is Stock Trading legal for a student on F-1 Visa doing CPT in USA? Answer: There are no legal reasons preventing you from trading as a F-1 visa holder,
Question: What evidence is there that rising interest rates causes Canadian condo prices to go down? Answer: In general, prices are inversely proportional to rates; however, accurate interest rate prediction
Question: Are my parents ripping me off with this deal that doesn't allow me to build my equity in my home? Answer: It's a little unusual, but I don't think
Question: Where can I buy stocks if I only want to invest a little bit at a time, and not really be involved in trading? Answer: I'd look into ShareBuilder.
Question: Best personal finance strategy to control my balance Answer: The key to understanding where your money is going is to budget. Rather than tracking your spending after the fact,
Question: Rental Property - have someone look for you Answer: Many real estate agents will assist with an apartment hunt, for a suitable fee. In a hot market that may
Question: Downside to temporarily lowering interest rates? Answer: This bit of marketing, like the zero-percent introductory rates some banks offer, is intended to make you more willing to carry a
Question: Tax benefits of recycling Answer: They are certainly only suggesting that the money you pay to recycle the bulbs is tax deductible as a donation, assuming that they are
Question: Wisest option to pay for second career education Answer: To me it sounds like you need to come up with 67K (30+37), part of the time you can work
Question: What are the implications of lending money to my sole member S-corp? Answer: You can make a capital contribution, not a loan. It's not a taxable event, no interest,
Question: Can the Philadelphia Center City District Tax be deducted on my Schedule-A? Answer: My basic rule of thumb is that if the the bill come from a government office
Question: Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy the same stock within 30 days? Answer: Yes. Wash rules are only for losses.
Question: Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)? Answer: Highly Compensated Employee Rules Aim to Make 401k's Fair would be the piece that I
Question: How are startup shares worth more than the total investment funding? Answer: The net worth is based on an estimate of how much he would get if he relinquished
Question: Beginner questions about stock market Answer: First, welcome to Money.SE. If you are interested in saving and investing, this is a great site to visit. Please take the tour
Question: Ticker symbols differences between Yahoo Finance and BestInvest Answer: BestInvest is a UK site looking at that URL, base on the "co.uk" ending. Yahoo! Finance that you use is
Question: Borrowing money and then investing it  smart or nart? Answer: I will use 10% of this 20K to pay the loan back on an annual basis agreement An
Question: Trading : how to deal with crashes (small or big) Answer: You can buy out of the money put options that could minimize your losses (or even make you
Question: Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro "Social Trading Network" using a "CFD"? Answer: As Waldfee says, CFDs are a derivative (of the underlying stock in
Question: Pros & cons of investing in gold vs. platinum? Answer: Platinum use is pretty heavily overweight in industrial areas; according to the linked Wikipedia article, 239 tonnes of platinum
Question: Why would a restaurant offer a very large cash discount? Answer: Why would such a large discount make business sense to the restaurant? The legit reasons could be; Or
Question: How to make an investment in a single company's stock while remaining market-neutral? Answer: For the type of market neutrality you desire, free from crash risk, it's best to
Question: Start a Holding Company? Answer: If you are trying to invest in closely held / private companies (things that don't trade on the stock market), you will run into
Question: Simple loan with a mortage as collateral Answer: Obligatory "Don't do it" remarks: If the guy isn't trusted enough to even show up to work, and can't get a
Question: Where should I park my money if I'm pessimistic about the economy and I think there will be high inflation? Answer: Typically in a developed / developing economy if
Question: Can I get a dividend "free lunch" by buying a stock just before the ex-dividend date and selling it immediately after? [duplicate] Answer: It is important to remember that
Question: How safe is a checking account? Answer: While Rocky's answer is correct in the big picture there is another factor here to keep in mind: The disruption while you're
Question: Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest? Answer: The short answer is: it depends. The longer answer is
Question: Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car? Answer: If you know that you have a reasonable credit history, and you know that
Question: Is this reply promising a money order and cashier check a scam? Answer: It's a scam. The cashier's check will be forged. Craigslist has a warning about it here
Question: Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car? Answer: $27,000 for a car?! Please, don't do that to yourself! That sounds like a new-car price. If it
Question: How do I choose 401k investment funds? Answer: I would stay away from the Actively Managed Funds. Index funds or the asset allocation funds are your best bet since
Question: Can stock brokerage firms fail? Answer: Yes, any company can go under. SIPC offers a level of protection. They don't guarantee against stocks dropping, but will replace stocks that
Question: Is there a way to take advantage of nice numbers? Answer: You'd need millions of dollars to trade the number of shares it would take to profit from these
Question: Acquiring first office clothes Answer: While in the interview stage you need one good outfit. Take care of them and they will see you through this stage of the
Question: Stock trading after a crash Answer: If the stock has dropped from $10 to $2 and now is range trading between $2 and $3, and you were not able
Question: Where do stock traders get realtime updates on Fed announcements? Is there a feed I could scrape? Answer: Tthe easiest place to see Fed announcements as soon as they're
Question: How to increase my credit score Answer: It's probably important to understand what a credit score is. A credit score is your history of accruing debt and paying it
Question: Is the ESPP discount profit? Answer: The difference is ordinary income. If the price drops and you sell for exactly what you paid, you have an income of D
Question: How to calculate how much house I can afford? Answer: Fundamentals: Then remember that you want to put 20% or more down in cash, to avoid PMI, and recalculate
Question: At what point should I go into credit card debt? Answer: Credit cards are a reasonable if relatively expensive tool to gain liquidity. If you have $50k in liquid
Question: What are the options for a 19-year-old college student who only has about $1000? Answer: Put them in Cds. Better than a savings account, you won't lose capital unlike
Question: No-line-of-credit debit card? Answer: I think what you are looking for is a secured credit card. They are mostly used by people who have ruined their credit and want
Question: Retirement planning: Pension or personal saving/investing? Answer: You can never depend ONLY on pension. You must get financial education and invest your money. I recommend you to read The
Question: Idea for getting rich using computers to track stocks Answer: I (and probably most considering trading) had a similar thought as you. I thought if I just skimmed the
Question: What ETF or other security tracks closest to 30 year mortgage rates? Answer: Mortgage rates tend to track the yield on the 10-year Treasury note. The CBOE Interest Rate
Question: Does the profit of a company directly affect its stock or indirectly by causing people to buy or sell? Answer: Yes, the price of a stock is what investors
Question: Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Answer: The major pros tend to be: The major cons tend to be: Being in California, you've got state income tax to worry
Question: Is there a generally accepted term for fractions of Currency Units? Answer: The Coinage Act of 1792 of the Continental Congress established that the lowest money of account for
Question: If I invest in securities denominated in a foreign currency, should I hedge my currency risk? Answer: So far we have a case for yes and no. I believe
Question: Is VAT applied when a tradesman charges for materials? Answer: The plumber will apply for and receive a refund of the amount of VAT he paid on the purchase
Question: Getting live data from Yahoo! Finance for the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE)? Answer: I wouldn't think so. If you read the list of features listed on the
Question: Can travel expenses be deducted from Form 1040A if they were used to gather material for a book? Answer: Hobby expenses are not tax deductible. Business expenses are, but
Question: Buying my first car out of college Answer: Buying this car would be a good idea because you will quickly learn why you feel you need a BMW (that
Question: Shares in Chinese startup company Answer: Setting up an entity that is partially foreign owned is not that difficult. It takes an additional 1-1.5 months in total, and in
Question: Is investing into real estate a good move for a risk-averse person at the moment Answer: Real estate is never a low-risk investment. I'd keep your money in the
Question: Understanding the phrase "afford to lose" better Answer: The way I approach "afford to lose", is that you need to sit down and figure out the amount of money
Question: Do I need to file taxes when selling on eBay or Amazon? Answer: In simple terms, it is a business operation when it becomes a profit-making enterprise. It is
Question: Paying off a loan with a loan to get a better interest rate Answer: Your current loan is for a new car. Your refinanced loan would probably be for
Question: Is there a measure that uses both cost of living plus income? Answer: The key term you're looking for is "purchasing power parity", which considers the local prices of
Question: Will a credit card company close my account if I stop using it? Answer: Please realize that your issuer can close the account for any number of reasons. Inactivity
Question: Is it a good practice to keep salary account and savings account separate? Answer: I pretty much only use my checking. What's the downside? Checking accounts don't pay as
Question: Are solar cell panels and wind mills worth the money? Answer: To answer the investment aspect takes a bit of math. First, solar insolation numbers: This represents the average
Question: How much should a new graduate with new job put towards a car? Answer: As someone who has a very similar debt amount and environment (new grad, nice new
Question: How to save criteria in Google Finance Stock Screener? Answer: There is probably a better way, but you can do the following: (1) Right click on the right pointing
Question: Dad paying for my new home in cash. How can I buy the house from him? Answer: You are going to need a lawyer anyway so check with him.
Question: Investing in hemp producers in advance of possible legalization in Canada? Answer: Hemp is already pretty easily grown by farmers here. Canada had 50,000 acres of legal hemp in
Question: Prepaying a loan: Shouldn't the interest be recalculated like a shorter loan? Answer: A few years ago I had a 5 year car loan. I wanted to prepay it
Question: Will my father still be eligible for SNAP if I claim him as my dependent? Answer: This may be best handled by an expert. Look for somebody recommended by
Question: RSU Tax Implications of 83(b) Election Answer: I can make that election to pay taxes now (even though they aren't vested) based on the dollar value at the time
Question: How to invest in gold at market value, i.e. without paying a markup? Answer: And you have hit the nail on the head of holding gold as an alternative
Question: Is housing provided by a university as employer reported on 1040? Answer: You should ask a CPA or tax lawyer to what extent living in specific housing provided by
Question: What does a reorganization fee that a company charges get applied to? Answer: Its a broker fee, not something charged by the reorganizing company. E*Trade charge $20, TD Ameritrade
Question: Why would someone want to sell call options? Answer: I have an example of a trade I made some time ago. By entering the position as a covered call,
Question: Would cross holding make market capitalization apparently more? Answer: Initially, Each company has 10k shares. Company B has $500k money and possibly other assets. Every company has stated purpose.
Question: Over how much time should I dollar-cost-average my bonus from cash into mutual funds? Answer: I'm staring at this chart and asking myself, How long a period is enough
Question: What is a good way to save money on car expenses? Answer: It is almost always cheaper to do regular maintenance then to fix problems because you didn't change
Question: Are low commission trading sites safe? Answer: Generally, yes. Rather than ask, "why are these guys so cheap?", you should be asking why the big names are so expensive.
Question: Does bull/bear market actually make a difference? Answer: The main difference between a bull market and a bear market is due the "the leverage effect". http://www.princeton.edu/~yacine/leverage.pdf The leverage effect
Question: Is there a free, online stock screener for UK stocks? Answer: Although this is an old question, it's worth pointing out that the Google Stock Screener now supports stocks
Question: Are bond ETF capital gains taxed similar to stock or stock funds if held for more than 1 year? Answer: Yes, that's correct.
Question: Owner-Financed home sale or Land Contract  how to handle the transaction and the ongoing entity? Answer: Great question, but I'm thinking you'll want to get a professional who
Question: Should I buy a home or rent in my situation? Answer: Another reason, and to me the main reason not to buy a house if you're in your early
Question: What is the opposite of a hedge? Answer: The opposite of a hedge is nothing. Because if you don't want to hedge you bets, you don't, therefore you merely
Question: Should I avoid credit card use to improve our debt-to-income ratio? Answer: For scoring purposes, having a DTI between 1-19% is ideal. From Credit Karma: That being said, depending
Question: Where can I buy preferred stocks as opposed to common stocks? Answer: Preferred stock is traded on the market, so you can just buy it like any other. The
Question: What are the marks of poor investment advice? Answer: To evaluate any advice, this lists some of the things to consider: There are good advisors out there. There are
Question: New car cash vs finance Answer: Yes, maybe. Sometimes the mother company (that makes the car) covers a bit of the loss that comes from the super-offer loan, so
Question: How is income tax calculated in relation to selling used items? Answer: If the items you sold are items you previously bought for a higher price, the money you
Question: What are the tax consequences if my S corporation earns money in a foreign country? Answer: Be careful here: If ACME were in California, I would pay taxes on
Question: What does this diagram from Robert Kiyosaki about corporations mean? Answer: These types of diagrams appear all throughout Kiyosaki's Rich Dad, Poor Dad book. The arrows in the diagrams
Question: Efficient International money transfer Answer: Wiring is the best way to move large amounts of money from one country to another. I am sure Japanese banks will allow you
Question: How to deposit a cheque issued to an associate in my business into my business account? Answer: Just have the associate sign the back and then deposit it. It's
Question: Auto loan and student loan balance Answer: So, in general, pay to the higher interest rate. Some contrived reasons you would want to pay your auto loan more could
Question: How to calculate money needed for bills, by day Answer: If I understand you right, what you need is the minimum amount in the account until your next deposit.
Question: What do these numbers mean for the S&P? Answer: USB is the ticker for US Bancorp. The numbers to me look like their prediction of the return for the
Question: How to value employee benefits? Answer: It would depend on the health insurance that was being offered, and if it covers your family or just you. We pay around
Question: Automatic transaction on credit card to stay active Answer: credit cards are almost never closed for inactivity. i have had dozens of cards innactive for years on end, and
Question: Cost is (maybe) part of basis for two assets Answer: For accounting purposes, consider the costs of acquisition as part of the cost of the asset as opposed to
Question: Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad? Answer: For most people "home ownership" is a long term lifestyle strategy (i.e. the intention is to own a
Question: What does it mean "sell on ask" , "sell on bid" in stocks? Answer: It's good to ask this question, because this is one of the fundamental dichotomies in
Question: Most common types of financial scams an individual investor should beware of? Answer: In the case of an investment strategy, if you don't retain custodianship over your funds, or
Question: Is a robo-adviser worth the risk? Answer: They've been around long enough now for there to be past performance figures you can google for. I think you'll find the
Question: How is someone tax exempt at Walmart in Canada? Answer: Note that folks may also be shopping for supplies for a nonprofit tax-exempt organization. I made such a purchase
Question: How do I bring money overseas? Answer: This page from TripAdvisor may be of interest. Look at what fees are charged on your ATM cards and credit cards, and
Question: Sales Tax Licence/Permit - When is it required and how can I make a use of it as a non-US resident selling in USA? Answer: Disclaimer: I am not
Question: Connection between gambling and trading on stock/options/Forex markets Answer: There is economic value added to the marketplace, by having many investors trading stocks. The stock market itself can be
Question: How can you possibly lose on investments in stocks? Answer: Easiest thing ever. In fact, 99% of people are loosing money. If you perform worse then 10% annually in
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: Why would anyone ever get a 15 year instead of just paying off a 30 year in 15
Question: Solid reading/literature for investment/retirement/income taxes? Answer: You bring up some very high level stuff, each of which can be the subject of a life's work. For taxes, I first
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: One "economic reason" to turn down a raise is if your company gives bonuses based on performance reviews.
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: I am going to add in an opinion here from the Wall Street Journal that
Question: Conservative ways to save for retirement? Answer: It has been hinted at in some other answers, but I want to say it explicitly: Volatility is not risk. Volatility is
Question: Should I invest in real estate to rent, real estate to live in, or just stocks and bonds to earn 10-15%? Answer: To be completely honest, I think that
Question: Is this follow-up after a car crash a potential scam? Answer: You have to realize that you're trying to have your cake and eat it too. You want to
Question: LLC: Where should the funds for initial startup costs come from? Answer: Like you said, it's important to keep your personal assets and company assets completely separate to maintain
Question: Mutual Fund with Dividends Answer: Generally value funds (particularly large value funds) will be the ones to pay dividends. You don't specifically need a High Dividend Yield fund in
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: Very good Ben, in a more simplistic form: If debt was
Question: How do you report S-corporation Shareholder loans / capital contributions? Answer: As the owner of the S-corp, it is far easier for you to move money in/out of the
Question: What do I need to consider when refinancing one home to pay the down-payment of another? Answer: What kind of financial analysis would make you comfortable about this decision?
Question: Should I purchase a whole life insurance policy? (I am close to retirement) Answer: I'll start by saying that if this is being explored to scratch a specific itch
Question: First 401K portfolio with high expense ratios - which funds to pick? (24yo) Answer: If you're willing to do a little more work and bookkeeping than just putting money
Question: Why can't you just have someone invest for you and split the profits (and losses) with him? Answer: A 'indexed guaranteed income certificate' (Market Growth GIC) fits the criteria
Question: Refinance when going to sell? Answer: When evaluating a refinance, it all comes down to the payback. Refinancing costs money in closing costs. There are different reasons for refinancing,
Question: Should I sell and rebuy stocks before the end of the year to trigger a gain and offset capital losses? Answer: You have multiple issues buried within this question.
Question: Shouldn't a Roth IRA accumulate more than 1 cent of interest per month? Answer: Terminology aside. Your gains for this year in a mutual fund do seem low. These
Question: When should I walk away from my mortgage? Answer: It's a decision that only you can make. What are the chances that you'll want to take another loan (any
Question: Why can't I short a stock that sells for less than $5? Is there another way to "go short" on them? Answer: A bit of poking around brought me
Question: Do common stocks and preferred stocks have any differences in terms of percentage of the company per unit they represent? Answer: Typically, preferred shares come with one or both
Question: What happens if I intentionally throw out a paycheck? Answer: How/when does my employer find out? Do they get a report from their bank stating that "check 1234 for
Question: How to decide on split between large/mid/small cap on 401(k) and how often rebalance Answer: One other thing to consider, particularly with Vanguard, is the total dollar amount available.
Question: Are car buying services worth it? Answer: I went through the Costco program for the so-called "no-hassle" bargain price when I bought my Prius. According to other Prius owners
Question: Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary? Answer: The only valid reason from a financial point of view is if the raise is a promotion or
Question: How does the debt:GDP ratio affect the country's economy? Answer: Is it not that bad? Depends how bad is bad. The problems causes by a government having large debt
Question: What percentage of my money should I invest outside my country? Answer: Your definition of 'outside your country' might need some redefinition, as there are three different things going
Question: What does it mean when someone says "FTSE closed at xxx today" Answer: FTSE is an index catering to the London stock exchange. It is a Capitalization-Weighted Index of
Question: Consequences of buying/selling a large number of shares for a low volume stock? Answer: The effect of making a single purchase, of size and timing described, would not cause
Question: Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value? Answer: I think this can be answered by answering the question "Who buys 10 year old cars?". Generally speaking
Question: The Benefits/Disadvantages of using a credit card Answer: I just want to stress one point, which has been mentioned, but only in passing. The disadvantage of a credit card
Question: Is per diem taxable? Answer: Per-diem is not taxable, if all the conditions are met. Conditions include: You can find this and more in this IRS FAQ document re
Question: Is the stock market a zero-sum game? Answer: While this seems overall a macroeconomics question and not really personal finance, let me give it a shot: The question of
Question: Retirement planning 401(k), IRA, pension, student loans Answer: You asked specifically about the ROTH IRA option and stated you want to get the most bang for your buck in
Question: Cons of withdrawing money from an Roth IRA account? Answer: First thing to note is that contributions (i.e. the total of all the amounts that you directly contributed into
Question: Any difficulties in doing deceased relative's taxes? Answer: There are two different tax returns you'll be doing: one is for her, until the day of her death. The other
Question: What exactly happens during a settlement period? Answer: During the settlement period, the buyer transfers payment to the seller and the seller transfers ownership to the buyer. This is
Question: Basic index fund questions Answer: There are no guarantees in the stock market. The index fund can send you a prospectus which shows what their results have been over
Question: How can I stop wasting food? Answer: Try to choose less perishable items. Besides canned and bottled are adequate for some foods, and frozen foods for a wider range,
Question: Is leveraging notoriety to raise stock prices illegal in the US? Answer: pump and dump is a common Illegal practice of boiler room operations. It refers to the talking
Question: Corporate Coverdell ESA Tax Liability Answer: Not sure how authoritative it is, but according to this site, yes: Can a corporation, partnership or other non-living entity make the contribution
Question: How to avoid getting back into debt? Answer: First, you've learned a very good lesson that quite a few people miss out on: notice how easy it is to
Question: Best Time to buy a stock in a day Answer: One of the biggest laws in economics is that if an opportunity is very profitable and is very easily
Question: How did Bill Gates actually make his money? Answer: Bill gates is founder of microsoft along with his friend allen.in microsoft as its vast empire increasing the wealth and
Question: Can a wealthy investor invest in or make a deal with a company before it goes public / IPO? Answer: Yes, it is common for investors to make equity
Question: What is meant by "buy-side firm" and "sell-side firm"? Answer: Traditionally, dealers and broker-dealers were in contact with the actual producers of a product or issuers of a security,
Question: How can a 'saver' maintain or increase wealth in low interest rate economy? Answer: Since the other answers have covered mutual funds/ETFs/stocks/combination, some other alternatives I like - though
Question: Shorting versus selling to hedge risk Answer: The point of short-selling as a separate instrument is that you can you do it when you can't sell the underlying asset...
Question: Is it a good idea to teach children that work is linearly related to income? Answer: Completely linear? We don't do that. Our daughter has a fixed allowance, and
Question: Is the gross amount of US debt dangerous for the small investor? Answer: Not a lot, directly. Your biggest direct risk is that you could buy the debt, and
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: Don't go for the 'fast buck'. There's no such thing. There are two types of
Question: What could be the harm in sharing my American Express statements online? Answer: Call me overly paranoid, but letting unknown people know your charges and your personal information is
Question: Cashing a cheque on behalf of someone else Answer: It's possible to cash cheques by post. When I did this, it involved filling out a "paying-in slip" (I had
Question: What forms (S-1, 8-K, etc) and keywords in news headlines signify dilution? Answer: Possibles: stock offering, secondary placement, increase authorized number of shares, shelf registration.
Question: Value of a call option spread Answer: The Explanation is correct. The Traders buys the 1st call and profits linearly form 40$ onwards. At at 45 the short call
Question: Do the tax consequences make it worth it for me to hold ESPP stock? Answer: I think people in general tend to unnecessarily over-complicate this issue. Here's what I
Question: What does pink-sheet mean related to stocks? Answer: It's an over-the-counter stock quote system. Read all about it. Or visit it.
Question: How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit? Answer: What determines your profitability is not your time, but your TRADES. It is probably a
Question: What types of ETFs are taxed differently by the IRS? Answer: Investopedia laid out the general information of tax treatment on the ETF fund structures as well as their
Question: Can a merchant charge you more in the US if you want to use a credit card? Answer: This isn't so much a legal issue, the prohibition on giving
Question: Who maintains receipt for employee expense reimbursements? Answer: In the normal course of events, you should receive a separate check for the amount of the purchase, and that amount
Question: Need a loan to buy property in India. What are my options? Answer: In USA, if you take a personal loan, you will probably get rates between 8-19%. It
Question: Freelancer in India working for Swiss Company Answer: I am a freelancer based in Europe and I want to tell you: - if you are a freelancer, then you
Question: Search index futures in Yahoo Finance or Google Finance Answer: Options - yes we can :) Options tickers on Yahoo! Finance will be displayed as per new options symbology
Question: Brief concept about price movement of a particular stock [duplicate] Answer: The problem with predicting with accuracy what a stock price will do in any given situation is that
Question: When a fund drops significantly, how can I research what went wrong? [duplicate] Answer: Usually there are annual or semi-annual reports for a mutual fund that may give an
Question: What are "trailing 12-month total returns"? Answer: ( t2 / t1 ) - 1 Where t2 is the value today, t1 is the value 12 months ago. Be sure
Question: Insider trading of a linked security like an ETF your company has a heavy weighting in Answer: If you are in a position to have information that will impact
Question: If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account? Answer: I agree with mbhunter's suggestion of labeling your columns, 'income' and 'expenses'.
Question: How are they earning money in the movie "Trading Places"? Answer: They are not selling stocks. They are selling OJ futures contracts. Selling a futures contract at 142 gives
Question: Finding a good small business CPA? Answer: Consult your local Small Business Administration office - they may have resources that can help you find what you're looking for.
Question: I have $12k in a Chase checking account, but want to start earning interest/saving/investing/etc to make more money. What should I do? Answer: I had some extra money, so
Question: If the former owner of my home is still using the address, can it harm me? Answer: Don't worry about it. One of the big banks who like to
Question: Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains? Answer: The technical term for it is "timing the market" and if you can pull
Question: Why is early exercise generally not recommended for an in-the-money option? Answer: For a deep in the money, it almost makes no difference because the intrinsic value, the price
Question: How can I figure out how much to bid on a parking space? Answer: Scenario 1: Assume that you plan to keep the parking space for the rest of
Question: Which is the most liquid market for trading? Answer: I would rate index futures, in particular the US index futures (e.g. the S&P 500 future) as the most liquid
Question: Can I prove having savings without giving out the account number? Answer: Have you been rejected from a rental for a specific reason (leading to this question)? Landlords are
Question: New car: buy with cash or 0% financing Answer: Cash price is $22,500. Financed, it's the same thing (0% interest) but you pay a $1500 fee. 1500/22500 = 6.6%.
Question: I own ASPIRO shares (Jay Z's new company). Now that it is going private, what about my shares? Answer: From the press release Based on Aspiro's closing share price
Question: ISA - intra year profits and switching process Answer: An ISA is a much simpler thing than I suspect you think it is. It is a wrapper or envelope,
Question: Should I overpay to end a fixed-rate mortgage early? [duplicate] Answer: I would strongly encourage you to either find specifically where in your written contract the handling of early/over
Question: Is there a term for the risk of investing in an asset with a positive but inferior return? Answer: Opportunity cost is the term you're looking for. I.e. (quoting
Question: First 401K portfolio with high expense ratios - which funds to pick? (24yo) Answer: Yours two funds are redundant. Both are designed to have a mix of bonds and
Question: If I have a lot of debt and the housing market is rising, should I rent and slowly pay off my debt or buy and roll the debt into
Question: Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject & say "no" nicely or politely? Answer: Simple and straight-forward. "I'm sorry but I don't co-sign loans. I've heard
Question: Good yield vs. safer route (Checking vs. Savings) Answer: There is no difference in safety form the perspective of the bank failing, due to FDIC/NCUA insurance. However, there is
Question: Can the purchaser of a stock call option cancel the contract? Answer: I'm adding to @Dilip's basic answer, to cover the additional points in your question. I'll assume you
Question: Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead? Answer: It's incredibly difficult to beat the market, especially after you're paying out significant fees for managed funds. The Bogleheads have some good
Question: What should I look for when looking for stocks that are 'on-sale'? Answer: It might seem like the PE ratio is very useful, but it's actually pretty useless as
Question: If I exercise underwater ISOs, can I claim a loss? Answer: If you do this, you own a stock worth $1, with a basis of $2. The loss doesn't
Question: How do I figure out if I will owe taxes Answer: Your employer pays the expected (but estimated) taxes for you. So the chances are you don't own more;
Question: Is gold really an investment or just a hedge against inflation? Answer: Over time, gold has mainly a hedge against inflation, based on its scarcity value. That is, unless
Question: Indicators a stock is part of a pump and dump scheme? Answer: Pump-and-Dump strategy is happening everywhere. Less so in developed market. I can tell an experience from Emerging
Question: How to change a large quantity of U.S. dollars into Euros? Answer: Be careful of transferring through the large banks. They may say no/low fees, but they hide their
Question: How foreign cash is beneficial for a country? Answer: Let me ask you another question: if that person stayed at home and made a widget instead, would exporting that
Question: Pay online: credit card or debit card? Answer: I use another solution: debit card with an account kept empty most of the time and another account in the same
Question: Can a credit card company raise my rates for making a large payment? Answer: Short answer: No, not normally. Long Answer: It depends on the contract. If the 14%
Question: How do I invest and buy/sell stocks? What does "use a broker" mean? Answer: Some good answers already, but let me add a TL:DR version. Brokers work like a
Question: Why invest in IRA while a low-cost index fund is much simpler? Answer: Lots of good answers. I'll try and improve by being more brief. For each option you
Question: What's the difference between shares outstanding and regular shares? Answer: outstanding shares are the shares(regular shares) that are still tradable in the market, where the firm in question is
Question: Non Qualifying Stock Option offered by employer Answer: Let's work from the inside out. Options are not stock. Options are a contract that give you the right to own
Question: Going long vs short, mechanisms involved Answer: My instinct says that there should be no difference. Your instincts are right. Your understanding of math is not so much. You
Question: mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash? Answer: Since you've already maxed out your 401k and your IRA, if you wanted to invest more-- then it would either
Question: What does inflation mean to me? Answer: Inflation data is a general barometer for inflation that a typical consumer would experience. Generally when calculating inflation for yourself you would
Question: Diagnostic Questions to Determine if Renter intends to pay Answer: Assuming the renter was properly vetted, the only question worth asking is "what has changed in your life?" Perhaps
Question: Purchasing options between the bid and ask prices, or even at the bid price or below? Answer: This sometimes happens to me. It depends on how liquid the option
Question: Why are currency forwards needed? Answer: Suppose you're a European Company, selling say a software product to a US company. As much as you might want the US company
Question: JCI headache part 1: How to calculate cost basis / tax consequences of JCI -> TYC merger? Answer: I finally found it! Johnson Controls International PLC FORM 8-K/A (Amended
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: That makes no sense at all. They try to compare and that's exactly the same as comparing apples versus
Question: Transfer from credit to debit Answer: As revised, the answer is still that you're asking the wrong question. If your father wants to make money available on your debit
Question: Is investing into real estate a good move for a risk-averse person at the moment Answer: I'll add this to what the other answers said: if you are a
Question: Personal finance web service with account syncing in Germany Answer: I don't think there is a law against it. For example comdirect offers multi banking so you can access
Question: Advice on strategy for when to sell Answer: It was not 100% clear if you have held all of these stocks for over a year. Therefore, depending on your
Question: Using a self-directed IRA to buy vacation condo, rent it out to an LLC for $1 Answer: Self directed IRAs have rules to prevent self-dealing of this sort called
Question: How can I improve my credit score if I am not paying bills or rent? Answer: For those who are looking to improve credit for the sake of being
Question: How Is the Price of a Stock Determined? [duplicate] Answer: The market price of a stock is based on nothing at all more than what two parties were last
Question: I have $100,000 in play money what to do? Answer: You can start a software company. Than your office will be around the world and you can work whenever
Question: Renting or Buying an House Answer: When you sell a house around between 7-10% of the sales price will go to various fees. Mostly to the agents, but also
Question: Does high inflation help or hurt companies with huge cash reserves? Answer: Inflation will damage the value of those cash reserves. This will harm the company's value. (Other factors
Question: Why do banks finance shared construction as mortgages instead of financing it directly and selling the apartments in a building? Answer: Remember that risk should correlate with returns, in
Question: What are the alternatives to compound interest for a Muslim? Answer: I cannot tell you what is or is not allowed under Islamic law. What I can tell you
Question: Can I buy a new house before selling my current house? Answer: If you can qualify for two mortgages, this is certainly possible. For this you can talk to
Question: How do small cap stocks perform vs. large cap stocks (like Dow constituents) during bear trends? Answer: To a certain extent, small cap companies will in general follow the
Question: Where to find out conversion ratio between General Motors bonds and new GM stock? Answer: Depending on the specific bond, here is the official info. http://www.wilmingtontrust.com/gmbondholders/index.html Bottom line, it
Question: Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&P 500) when the index is at an all-time high? Answer: Being long the S&P Index ETF you can
Question: Is stock trading based more on luck than poker playing? Answer: This depends strongly on what you mean by "stock trading". It isn't a single game, but a huge
Question: Alternative to Jumbo Mortgage Answer: You should also be aware that there are banks that do business in the US that do not deal with Fannie Mae, and thus
Question: How to tell if an option is expensive Answer: An option, by definition, is a guess about the future value of the stock. If you guess too aggressively, you
Question: How do I report book royalties for tax purposes? Answer: (Insert the usual disclaimer that I'm not any sort of tax professional; I'm just a random guy on the
Question: How long do wire transfers take? Answer: The experience I have with wire transfers is from Australia to the US. These transfers can take up to 5 business dates
Question: Pay online: credit card or debit card? Answer: One more thing to favor the card. Extended warranty, or damage coverage. An iPad, if dropped on a hard surface, stands
Question: What one bit of financial advice do you wish you could've given yourself five years ago? Answer: I was offered a student credit card and refused it. If I'd
Question: How smart is it to really be 100% debt free? Answer: 100% debt free is an objective. Being there is good, but as long as you have a plan
Question: How safe is a checking account? Answer: In the case of bank failures You are protected by FDIC insurance. At the time I wrote this, you are insured up
Question: Should I pay half a large balance this month before I get my CC statement? Answer: This can make a difference of a few points. When your balance is
Question: Large volume options sell Answer: It depends upon who the counterparty is. If the counterparty is the OCC, they would most likely call force majeure if their finances were
Question: What are some ways to mitigate the risks of covered calls? Answer: Two ways to mitigate this risk are to buy a put at a lower premium to the
Question: Is an analyst's "price target" assumed to be for 12 months out? Answer: If the time horizon is not indicated, this is just a "fair price". The price of
Question: Splitting Hackathon Prize Money to minimize tax debt Answer: A simple option is to ask your teammates to send you their portion of the tax bill. This option makes
Question: $200k in an IRA, unallocated. What's the safest investment? Answer: The safest investment is probably a money market fund [originally I said a TIPS fund but they appear to
Question: Line of credit for investment Answer: What you are describing is called a Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC). While the strategy you are describing is not impossible it
Question: What exactly is BATS Chi-X Europe? Answer: I work at BATS Chi-X Europe and wanted to provide some clarity/answers to these questions. BATS Chi-X Europe is a Recognised Investment
Question: How will I pay for college? Answer: Firstly, good on you for thinking about it before you commit to it. Next. Chelonian provides lots of detail. Read that answer.
Question: Are money market instrument and short-term debt same? Answer: The Money Market is a place where one trades Instruments. The market is similar to that of the Stock Market.
Question: Stocks: Where can I find a list of bankrupt/diluting stocks in the US? Answer: The only recommendation I have is to try the stock screener from Google Finance :
Question: Can one be non-resident alien in the US without being a resident anywhere else? Answer: You may be considered a resident for tax purposes. To meet the substantial presence
Question: In a reverse split, what happens to odd lots? Answer: There are two reasons to do a reverse split. Those partial shares will then be turned into cash and
Question: What are the reasons to get more than one credit card? Answer: Many reasons mentioned already. The reason why I have multiple is missing: I have a personal card
Question: Can a self-employed person have a Health Savings Account? Answer: Whether you can establish an HSA has nothing to do with your employment status or your retirement plan. It
Question: Are there common stock price trends related to employee option plans? Answer: Say I am an employee of Facebook and I will be able to sell stares at enough
Question: Can I sell a stock immediately? Answer: You can*, if the market is open, in a normal trading phase (no auction phase), works, and there is an existing bid
Question: car loan but 2 people on title Answer: Yes, but then either of you will need the other's permission to sell the car. I strongly recommend you get an
Question: How to get a down payment for your next home? Use current home as the down payment on the new one? Answer: What you're looking at is something called
Question: In NYC is there sales tax on services like computer / cell phone repair? Answer: According to the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance, your service would
Question: Can I pay off my credit card balance to free up available credit? Answer: Banks only send your balance to credit bureaus once a month; usually a few days
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: Debt creates risk. The more debt you take on, the higher
Question: Should I buy my house from my landlord? Answer: Can he legally break your lease if he sells the place? If not I would just keep renting. It doesn't
Question: Saving for a non-necessity Answer: Your question is rather direct, but I think there is some underlying issues that are worth addressing. One How to save and purchase ~$500
Question: The best credit card for people who pay their balance off every month Answer: BillShrink.com lets you compare credit cards based on all your specifics (miles vs. cash, where
Question: How can I determine if leaving a lower paying, tax advantaged, job for a higher paying one makes sense financially? Answer: It looks like a coin toss. What you
Question: Should one only pursue a growth investing approach for Roth IRAs Answer: What asset allocation is right for you (at the most basic the percentage if stocks vs bonds;
Question: What are some sources of information on dividend schedules and amounts? Answer: Yahoo Finance is definitely a good one, and its ultimately the source of the data that a
Question: Does this sound like a great idea regarding being a landlord and starting a real estate empire? Answer: I have done something similar to this myself. What you are
Question: How come we can find stocks with a Price-to-Book ratio less than 1? Answer: Book value = sell all assets and liquidate company . Then it's the value of
Question: Should I invest in my house, when it's in my wife's name? Answer: Have you talked with her about this? On the one hand you have a point. Given
Question: What is the next step to collect money after a judgment has been ignored? Answer: On the off chance that your indebted person is unwilling to pay and you
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: In my business (estate planning law practice), probably 60-70% of my income is in the form of checks, with the balance
Question: What is a negotiable security and how are they related to derivatives? Answer: The price for securities is negotiable. You totally have a right to make a lower offer
Question: I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save? Answer: The biggest
Question: Looking for suggestions for relatively safe instruments if another crash were to happen Answer: Nobody has a "crash proof" portfolio -- you can make it "crash resistant". You protect
Question: Putting borrowed money into an SIPP Answer: If it were possible to take a loan out for a SIPP investment in the future .. I would suggest having an
Question: What is bespoke insurance? Answer: The word bespoke means made to order. Bespoke insurance means non-cookie cutter. That mean the thing your are trying to protect, or the risk
Question: Investing thought experiment Answer: Yes, if your assumptions are correct then your conclusions are correct. But your assumptions are never correct, and so this thought experiment doesn't tell us
Question: Impact of Extreme Situations such as WW2 on "legendary" Investors' Returns? Answer: Possibly the best answer to why America became globally dominant after WW2 was written by a FRENCHMAN,
Question: Can you beat the market by investing in double long ETFs? [duplicate] Answer: NO. All the leveraged ETFs are designed to multiply the performance of the underlying asset FOR
Question: What is a good 5-year plan for a college student with $15k in the bank? Answer: Fifteen thousand dollars is not a whole lot of cash. It should probably
Question: Can I contribute to an IRA from investment income? Answer: Traditional IRA contributions can be made if you have compensation and the amount of the contribution is limited to
Question: Payment default penalties on annuities Answer: I don't know how annuities work it's all smoke and mirrors to me. This is a huge red flag to me. I would
Question: What assets does the term "security" encompass? Answer: A good reference to what encompasses "securities" are detailed in the Securities Act of 1933, which was enacted by the United
Question: Could the loan officer deny me even if I have the money as a first time home buyer? Answer: There are loan options for those in your situation. It
Question: Is there a good rule of thumb for how much I should have set aside as emergency cash? Answer: Between 6 months and a year is normally regarded as
Question: Any experience with maxing out 401(k)? Answer: The biggest challenge as a young person maxing out a 401k in my opinion is the challenge of saving for a house,
Question: A friend wants to use my account for a wire transfer. Is this a scam or is it legitimate? Answer: As a woman who was once married to someone
Question: What does it mean "sell on ask" , "sell on bid" in stocks? Answer: Bid and ask prices are the reigning highest buy price and lowest sell price in
Question: As an employer, how do I start a 401k or traditional IRA plan? Answer: Here is a nice overview from Vanguard on some options for a small business owner
Question: How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free) Answer: I've seen credit cards that provide you your credit score for free, updated once a month and
Question: In the UK, could low-income pensioners (or those near a low-income retirement) find a student loan useful for boosting their finances? Answer: As noted in richardb's comment buried in
Question: Should I pay off my student loan before buying a house? Answer: It depends on the terms. Student loans are often very low interest loans which allow you to
Question: What does it mean if "IPOs - normally are sold with an `underwriting discount` (a built in commission)" Answer: When an IPO happens, the buyers pay some price (let's
Question: How far do I go with a mortgage approval process when shopping around? Answer: As per my comments, I think this is up to you and how much work
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: Here in Australia a stock price is usually highest
Question: Do Americans really use checks that often? Answer: I know this an old thread, but one that caught my interest as I just moved to the USA from Australia.
Question: Equity As Part of Compensation Answer: At the most basic level, the employee is getting a share of ownership in the company and would get a percentage of the
Question: Tax implications of holding EWU (or other such UK ETFs) as a US citizen? Answer: My understanding is that EWU (and EWUS) are both traded on US stock markets
Question: 401k with paltry match or SPY ETF? Answer: Switching to only 401k or only SPY? Both bad ideas. Read on. You need multiple savings vehicles. 401k, Roth IRA, emergency
Question: Organizing finances and assigning a number to each record type Answer: Mint.com does a pretty good job at this, for a free service, but it's mostly for personal finance.
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: Aside of the other (mostly valid) answers, share price is the most
Question: How do I account for 100 percent vendor discounts in GnuCash 2.6.5 Answer: I am no expert on the situation nor do I pretend to act like one, but,
Question: What is the effect of dividends on the futures price of an index Answer: A futures contract is based upon a particular delivery date. In the case of a
Question: Income Tax and Investments Answer: The $50k is subject to the appropriate income taxes, which may include FICA taxes including the employer share if you are self employed. The
Question: Why are U.S. credit unions not open to everyone? Answer: It's required by law. 12 USC 1759 (b) requires that membership in a credit union be limited to one
Question: If I go to a seminar held overseas, may I claim my flights on my tax return? Answer: Disclaimer: My answer is based on US tax law, but I
Question: How do I determine how much rent I could charge for a property or location? Answer: Check out the property websites to get an idea of how much, the
Question: As a young adult, what can I be doing with my excess income? Answer: I also have approx. 6000 in debt Just a note: you're guaranteed to get a
Question: Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company? Answer: You guys seem to have forgotten the most important part of this
Question: Tax consequences of changing state residency? Answer: I did the reverse several years ago, moving from NH to MA. You will need to file Form 1-NR/PY for 2017, reporting
Question: Do I need to file taxes jointly with my girlfriend if we live together? Answer: In Ontario, common law marriage requires 3 years of cohabitation, and doesn't give rights
Question: 15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15 Answer: If the interest rate in both mortgages is the same, then yes, you will end up paying the
Question: What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it? Answer: I use GnuCash which I really like. However, I've never used any other personal finance
Question: How credible is Stansberry's video "End of America"? Answer: Others have covered this pretty well, but as someone who once worked for the company that allows Stansberry to publish,
Question: How can I compare the risk of different investing opportunities? Answer: Let us consider the risks in the investment opportunities: Now, what are the returns in each of the
Question: Where are Bogleheadian World ETFs or Index funds? Answer: Half VTI (Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF) and half VEU (Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US ETF), and stop futzing. The US
Question: bid & ask prices and technical indicators Answer: If you are looking to go long (buy) you would use bid prices as this is what you will be matched
Question: Given a certain yearly savings, how much can I spend on a capital improvement? NPV of future cash flow Answer: For this, the internal rate of return is preferred.
Question: What should my finances look like at 18? Answer: I was in a similar situation at age 18/19, but not making quite as much money. I maxed out an
Question: Online tool to connect to my bank account and tell me what I spend in different categories? Answer: I'm not convinced this is completely possible without additional data. I'm
Question: How do you get out of a Mutual Fund in your 401(k)? Answer: The S&P top 5 - 401(k) usually comply with the DOL's suggestion to offer at least
Question: Investment property information resources Answer: As user14469 mentions you would have to decide what type of properties you would like to invest in. Are you after negatively geared properties
Question: Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel? Answer: Have you tried calling a Forex broker and asking them if you can take delivery on currency? Their spreads are
Question: How many stocks will I own in n years if I reinvest my dividends? Answer: Your example shows a 4% dividend. If we assume the stock continues to yield
Question: Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey? Answer: Sounds like baloney to me. HELOCs are variable rate, so you are paying down the principal of a fixed
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: Agree with Randy, if debt and debt reduction was all about math, nobody would be in debt. It
Question: At what point is it most advantageous to cease depositing into a 401k? Answer: You'd need to test the assumptions here - in effect you're saying that in 15
Question: Why are estimated taxes due "early" for the 2nd and 3rd quarters only? Answer: I suspect that the payments were originally due near the end of each quarter (March
Question: Should I buy ~$2200 of a hot stock or invest elsewhere? Answer: Can you afford to lose the $2200? If not, the answer is don't buy the stock. No
Question: The formula equivalent of EBITDA for personal finance? Answer: This should not be taken to be financial advice or guidance. My opinions are my own and do not represent
Question: What's a Letter of Credit? Are funds held in my bank for the amount in question? Answer: Ok so this is the best information I could get! It is
Question: How to start personal finances? Answer: Personal finances are not intuitive for everyone, and it can be a challenge to know what to do when you haven't been taught.
Question: Question about data from FTSE 100 Answer: Open, high, low, close, volume. The hint is that volume on new years day is 0. DC's comment is actually a better
Question: Get a loan with low interest rate on small business Answer: I am going to assume your location is the US. From what I am seeing it is unlikely
Question: Are bonds really a recession proof investment? Answer: That depends on how you're investing in them. Trading bonds is (arguably) riskier than trading stocks (because it has a lot
Question: Is it worth it to re-finance my car loan? Answer: If you're a bit into the loan, then they're probably hoping that you'll take longer to pay off the
Question: Credit cards: How is a cash advance different from a purchase? Why are the fees so high? Answer: Essentially speaking, when you purchase goods worth $100 using your card,
Question: What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity? Answer: Gold has no "intrinsic" value. None whatsoever. This is because "value" is a subjective term. "Intrinsic value" makes
Question: Options profit calculation and cash settlement Answer: The other two answers seem basically correct, but I wanted to add on thing: While you can exercise an "American style" option
Question: What exactly do fund managers of index trackers do? Answer: From How are indexes weighted?: Market-capitalization weighted indexes (or market cap- or cap-weighted indexes) weight their securities by market
Question: If I put dividend-paying stocks in my IRA, where does the dividend go when paid? Answer: The dividend goes into the IRA (either reinvested automatically or remains as cash
Question: How does stock dilution work in relation to share volume? Answer: The reason a company creates more stock is to generate more capital so that this can be utilized
Question: What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt? Answer: In theory, anything can happen, and the world could end tomorrow. However, with a reasonably
Question: Purchasing first car out of college Answer: The .9% looks great, but it's not as relevant as the cost of the car itself. There are those who believe that
Question: Since many brokers disallow investors from shorting sub-$5 stocks, why don't all companies split their stock until it is sub-$5 Answer: I do believe it comes down to listing
Question: What to do if my aging father is sustaining a hobby that is losing several thousand dollars every month? Answer: How about opening a Coffee shop section in the
Question: Do credit ratings (by Moody's, S&P, and Fitch) have any relevance? Answer: I like Muro questions! No, I don't think they do. Because for me, as a personal finance
Question: Can a CEO short his own company? Answer: mhoran_psprep has answered the question well about "shorting" e.g. making a profit if the stock price goes down. However a CEO
Question: What is the purpose of endorsing a check? Answer: When the check is deposited, the bank verifies the signature in the check matches your signature in file.
Question: What is meant by one being in a "tax bracket"? Answer: As ApplePie discusses, "tax bracket" without any modifiers refers to a single jurisdiction's marginal tax rate. In your
Question: Is there a rule that a merchant must identify themself when making a charge Answer: Obviously, the credit card's administators know who this charge was submitted by. Contact them,
Question: What does it mean to be a "high fee" or "low fee" 401k? Answer: Every 401(k) has managers to make the stock choices. They all have different rates. You
Question: Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home? Answer: To supplement existing answers: the appraised value does not necessarily represent
Question: Debit card funds on preauthorization hold to paypal: can it be used for another transaction? Answer: Imagine the following scenario: You have a credit limit of $1000 and you
Question: Investment property refinance following a low appraisal? Answer: If I was you I would not borrow from my 401K and shred the credit card offer. Both are very risky
Question: What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A "sunk gain"? Answer: A "sunk cost" is a cost that you have already incurred, and won't get back. The "sunk
Question: Is the Yale/Swenson Asset Allocation Too Conservative for a 20 Something? Answer: That looks like a portfolio designed to protect against inflation, given the big international presence, the REIT
Question: What is the rationale behind stock markets retreating due to S&P having a negative outlook on the USA? Answer: Many of the major indices retreated today because of this
Question: How to trade large number of shares? Answer: I think if you are only trading stocks with average volume greater than 1M you should not have any trouble entering
Question: How is stock price determined? Answer: The answer to each of your questions is no. It is important to appreciate that the "quoted" ticker price may be delayed by
Question: Can I buy only 4 shares of a company? Answer: Simple answer: Yes A better question to ask might be "Should I invest all my savings to buy 4
Question: If a company's assets are worth more than its market cap, can one say the shares must be undervalued? Answer: You haven't mentioned how much debt your example company
Question: As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company's financial statements? Answer: I think you need to realize that regardless of whether they are
Question: What should I do with the stock from my Employee Stock Purchase Plan? Answer: While my margin is not nearly as good as yours, I sell out early. I
Question: How to prepare to purchase a house? (Germany) Answer: Figure out how much money you earn, what you spend it on, and how that will change when you have
Question: Is there a good forum where I can discuss individual US stocks? Answer: I've used Wikinvest before and think that's close to what you're looking for - but in
Question: What are good games to play to teach young children about saving money? Answer: I know this question is closed now, but I just found this site that people
Question: Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market? Answer: The other answer has some good points, to which I'll add this:
Question: How to file income tax returns for profits from ESPP stock? Answer: I did this for the last tax year so hopefully I can help you. You should get
Question: How can I work out how much a side-job contracting will be taxed for? Answer: I would say you can file your taxes on your own, but you will
Question: Can you beat the market by investing in double long ETFs? [duplicate] Answer: You miss the step where the return being doubled is daily. Consider you invested $100 today,
Question: Weekly budgets based on (a variable) monthly budget Answer: I think the real problem here is dealing with the variable income. The envelope solution suggests the problem is that
Question: Why does short selling require borrowing? Answer: In order to compare the two, you need to compare your entire portfolio, which is not just how much money you have,
Question: How bad is it to have a lot of credit available but not used? Answer: I never give advice but I will now because you are getting poor advice.
Question: Using stop-loss as risk management: Is it safe? Answer: A stop-loss order becomes a market order when a trade has occurred at or below the trigger price you set
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: Credit card companies are businesses. Businesses will make any decision that makes them money. So
Question: Has the likelihood of getting a lower interest rate by calling & asking been reduced by recent credit card regulations? Answer: I don't know that this can actually be
Question: Why are wire transfers and other financial services in Canada so much more expensive than in Europe? Answer: because bankers are crooks is a very close answer. Just accept
Question: Companies that use their cash to buy back stock, issue dividends, etc.  how does this this typically affect share price? Answer: So far buying of own by own
Question: What are the benefits of opening an IRA in an unstable/uncertain economy? Answer: IRAs have huge tax-advantages. You'll pay taxes when you liquidate gold and silver. While volatile, "the
Question: How does Robinhood stock broker make money? Answer: Yes, there is a lot they are leaving out, and I would be extremely skeptical of them because of the "reasons"
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: I'll give the TLDR answer. 1) You can't forecast the price
Question: Are all VISA cards connected with bank accounts? Answer: Not necessarily. You can issue credit cards without a bank involved, although companies which do so may have additional legal
Question: UK: Personal finance book for a twenty-something Answer: Try this as a starter - my eBook served up as a blog (http://www.sspf.co.uk/blog/001/). Then read as much as possible about
Question: What is the best way for me to invest my money into my own startup? Answer: It will depend somewhat on the rules where the company is formed, and
Question: How are days counted when funding a new account within 10 days Answer: If the wording is "within 10 days" then its 10 days. Calendar days. Otherwise they would
Question: How to motivate young people to save money Answer: Teach them that money can help solve most (if not all the problems) in life. If they truly appreciate the
Question: What is the correct answer for percent change when the start amount is zero dollars $0? Answer: There is no numerical convention in finance that I have ever seen.
Question: What happens when the bid and ask are the same? Answer: In simple terms, this is how the shares are traded, however most of the times market orders are
Question: I'm only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more? Answer: If you are happy, really honestly happy, there is no need to change because you
Question: What exchange rate does El Al use when converting final payment amount to shekels? Answer: In older days the merchants and their merchant banks[or service providers] would take funds
Question: Do "Instant Approved" credit card inquires appear on credit report? Answer: Those two hard inquiries will only count as one on your score because you applied for the two
Question: Unmarried Couple Splitting up with Joint Ownership of Home Answer: Because you're not married, its a partnership agreement, and unless there's a written contract, either the two of you
Question: What is the correct pronunciation of CAGR? Answer: Most readers probably know that an acronym is an invented word made up of the initial letters or syllables of other
Question: Making enquiries about shares Answer: Is anything possible, and if so, how? Because of the circumstances, there is nothing you can do. You do not have the ISIN, nor
Question: Once stock prices are down, where to look for good stock market deals? Answer: Something you might want to consider, instead of going out bargain hunting in hopes of
Question: Does technical analysis work on small stock exchanges? Answer: Assuming that you accept the premise that technical analysis is legitimate and useful, it makes sense that it might not
Question: Avoiding timing traps with long term index investing Answer: It's amusing that despite all the evidence that "you can't time the market", everyone still wants to try. Of course
Question: Is it true that the price of diamonds is based on a monopoly? Answer: diamonds are intrinsically worthless this is simply wrong. (1) Diamonds that are sold for anything
Question: How best to grow my small amount of money starting at a young age? [duplicate] Answer: Congrats! That's a solid accomplishment for someone who is not even in college
Question: What is the preferred way to finance home improvements when preparing to sell your house? Answer: In planning to buy a house, and sort out how to handle the
Question: Insurance, healthcare provider, apparent abuse, lack of transparency Answer: I wouldn't classify your treatment as abuse. Medical billing has become more complex not less complex. You need to learn
Question: Saving up for an expensive car Answer: I've read online that 20% is a reasonable amount to pay for a car each month - Don't believe everything you read
Question: Why does quantitative easing negatively affect stocks? Answer: The stock market in general likes monetary easing. With lower interest rates and easy cheap money freely available, companies can borrow
Question: What is meant by "priced in"? Answer: I think the first misconception to clear up is that you are implying the price of a stock is set by a
Question: Do "Instant Approved" credit card inquires appear on credit report? Answer: You'll see a hard inquiry for both, but not necessarily on all three agencies (Experian, TransUnion and Equifax).
Question: What should I do with my paper financial documents? Answer: Regarding your specific types: If you can't part with anything, sure, scan them. Also, there are lots of opportunities
Question: Do you avoid tax when taking a home equity loan? Answer: Loans are not taxable events. The equity you took out is not income. It's a loan, and you
Question: Are the AARP benefits and discounts worth the yearly membership cost? Answer: It depends on you. If you're not an aggressive shopper and travel , you'll recoup your membership
Question: I received $1000 and was asked to send it back. How was this scam meant to work? Answer: Possible ways they could make money (or think they could): I
Question: How to protect yourself from fraud when selling on eBay UK Answer: Paypal UK has a page here: https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/seller-protection Basically they don't just take the seller's word for it,
Question: $700 guaranteed to not be touched for 15 years+, should I put it anywhere other than a savings account? Answer: Well, I understand this forum is about money but
Question: What does "no adjustments" mean? Answer: Typically that applies if the broker Form 1099-B reports an incorrect basis to the IRS. If the Form 1099-B shows incorrect basis relative
Question: Where do I invest my Roth IRA besides stock market and mutual funds? Answer: In general, investors with a long period of time until they would need to withdraw
Question: Is it wise to have plenty of current accounts in different banks? Answer: The original poster indicates that he lives in the UK, but there are likely strong similarities
Question: Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out? Answer: Most articles on investing recommend that investors that are just starting out to invest in index stock or
Question: Obtaining Pound Sterling Cheque in US to pay for family history records from England? Answer: Most US banks don't allow you the ability to draft a foreign currency check
Question: Should you always max out contributions to your 401k? Answer: A terrific resource is this article. To summarize the points given: PROS: CONS: There is no generic yes or
Question: What are my options to deal with Student Loan debt collectors? Answer: @littleadv has said most of what I'd say if they had not gotten here first. I'd add
Question: How often do typical investors really lose money? Answer: So how often do investors really lose money? The short answer is, every day. Let's first examine your assumptions: If
Question: What's the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time? Answer: Time Tracker I'm a software engineer and have been using this tool. It is
Question: What kind of life insurance is cheaper? I'm not sure about term vs. whole vs. universal, etc Answer: Term is the way to go. Whole/universal are basically a combo
Question: Live in California but work for Illinois-based company Answer: They might be concerned with having to charge sales tax in California if they have a single employee in California,
Question: Why can't I withdraw the $57 in my account? Answer: Is there a debit card accessing this account? When you spend money on a debit card for certain item,
Question: View asset/holdings breakdown within fund Answer: The full holdings will be listed in the annual report of the fund, obviously the holdings would only be completely accurate as of
Question: Comparing/reviewing personal health insurance plans for the self-employed Answer: Here's an old-ish article from the NYT that discusses this.
Question: How do I find an ideal single fund to invest all my money in? Answer: A single fund that reflects the local currency would be an index fund in
Question: How to calculate how far a shorted stock's price can rise before broker issues a margin call? Answer: When margin is calculated as the equity percentage of an account,
Question: How credible is Stansberry's video "End of America"? Answer: No. I glanced through the article you linked to. It's quite lengthy, but not compelling. I'd not lose any sleep
Question: Why do stock prices of retailers not surge during the holidays? Answer: While there are lots of really plausible explanations for why the market moves a certain way on
Question: Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again? Answer: what are the incentives to that person to actually pay off his/her debt as opposed to just
Question: Covered Call Writing - What affects the price of the options? Answer: Matthew - what was the stock price and strike price of the option when you did this?
Question: How does a "minimum number of items to be bought" factor into break even analysis? Answer: A minimum purchase quantity just means that you need to round your result
Question: What are the ins/outs of writing equipment purchases off as business expenses in a home based business? Answer: First of all, Dilip's answer explains well how the business deductions
Question: Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first? Answer: TL/DR Yes, The David popularized the Debt Snowball. The method of
Question: US Foreign-Owned LLC that owes no income tax - Do I have to file anything? Answer: If you intend to do business "outside the country", why establish an LLC
Question: Most effective Fundamental Analysis indicators for market entry Answer: The three places you want to focus on are the income statement, the balance sheet, and cash flow statement. The
Question: Tax me more: Can I pay extra to the government so I don't have to deal with all this paperwork? Answer: Currently, the answer is no, you cannot get
Question: Will my father still be eligible for SNAP if I claim him as my dependent? Answer: It seems that counting your father as your dependent shouldn't, in itself, cause
Question: Deciding between Employee Stock Option and Restricted Stock Answer: There's no best strategy. Options are just pieces of paper, and if the stock price goes below the strike price
Question: What's "wrong" with taking money from your own business? Answer: I'm no expert on this, but I would say that, if you own the business entirely yourself, there is
Question: Interactive Brokers Margin Accounts Answer: You have to call Interactive Brokers for this. This is what you should do, they might even have a web chat. These are very
Question: Can I deduct equipment that I'm required to purchase by my employer? Answer: It looks like you can. Take a look at these articles: http://www.googobits.com/articles/1747-taking-an-itemized-deduction-for-job-expenses.html http://www.bankrate.com/finance/money-guides/business-expenses-that-benefit-you.aspx http://www.hrblock.com/taxes/tax_tips/tax_planning/employment.html But of
Question: Why would a bank take a lower all cash offer versus a higher offer via conventional lending? Answer: Also keep in mind that with an all-cash offer, they get
Question: Taxing GoFundMe Donations Answer: I'm going to post this as an answer because it's from the GoFundMe website, but ultimately even they say to speak with a tax professional
Question: When are equal-weighted index funds / ETFs preferable to market-cap-weighted funds? Answer: As Dheer pointed out, the top ten mega-cap corporations account for a huge part (20%) of your
Question: Car dealer saying that they cannot see any credit information for my co-applicant. Could this be a scam? Answer: You say Also I have been the only one with
Question: Are there Investable Real Estate Indices which track Geographical Locations? Answer: Yes. S&P/ Case-Shiller real-estate indices are available, as a single national index as well as multiple regional geographic
Question: Is there a free, online stock screener for UK stocks? Answer: AdvFN has one--click the Charts & Research pulldown and choose UK Screener. Free but requires login.
Question: Preferred vs Common Shares in Private Corporation Answer: Preferred dividends and common dividends are completely separate transactions. There's not a single "dividend" payment that is split between preferred and
Question: Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended? Answer: 1) People aren't always going to be able to do their occupation, or their desired hobby. 2) Government assistance, or whatever
Question: Is it possible to quantify the probability of sudden big movements for a high-volume stock? Answer: Certainly no one knows in advance how much a stock is going to
Question: Options tax treatment Answer: You owe no tax on the option transaction in 2015 in this case. How you ultimately get taxed depends on how you dispose of the
Question: Is issuer's bank allowed to charge fee when cashing check? Answer: Some banks charge their own customers if they make use of a teller. That is what you are
Question: When should you use an actively managed mutual fund in a 401k? Answer: For US stocks it's a bit of a gamble. Many actively managed funds underperform the market
Question: How can I stop a merchant from charging a credit card processing fee? Answer: I gather that, while it is not illegal for a merchant to pass their payment
Question: Why do banks require small businesses to open a business bank account instead of a cheaper personal one? Answer: The bank won't let you because: Differences in required account
Question: Should I file taxes or Incorperate a personal project? Answer: There are two reasons for incorporating a business in Canada - limiting liability and providing some freedom in structuring
Question: Where should I park my money if I'm pessimistic about the economy and I think there will be high inflation? Answer: The best investment is always in yourself and
Question: Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc Answer: Why is that? With all the successful investors (including myself on
Question: Is an interest-only mortgage a bad idea? Answer: Normally interest only mortgages are taken incase one planning to sell off the property after a few years and purchase of
Question: What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out? Answer: I would suggest the use of a management company to handle a rental
Question: Why does a real estate seller get to know the financing arrangements of the buyer? Answer: The buyer discloses the financing arrangements to the seller because it makes his
Question: Online stock screener to find stocks that are negatively correlated to another stock/index? Answer: SeekingAlpha has a section dedicated to Short ETFs as well as others. In there you
Question: How do I figure out if I will owe taxes Answer: Do I get a write off for paying student loans? Maybe. See https://www.irs.gov/publications/p970/ch04.html Generally, personal interest you pay,
Question: Would it ever be a bad idea to convert a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA with the following assumptions? Answer: To answer your question point by point -
Question: Learn investing as a programmer Answer: My master's thesis was on using genetic algorithms and candle stick method. If you are familiar, the AI was used to answer questions
Question: What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money? Answer: There are several types of financial advisors. Some are associated with brokerages and
Question: Can banks deny that you've paid your loan? Answer: Yes, if their record keeping is faulty or failed. It is best to keep all records of repayment. Incomplete records
Question: What happens to the put option (longer expiration) of a collar if the call gets assigned? Answer: The put will expire and you will need to purchase a new
Question: What is quotational loss in stock market? Answer: Been a long while since I've read it but if I remember correctly with quotational loss Graham refers to an unjustified
Question: Will the popularity of index funds cause a pricing bubble in the stocks that make up an index? Answer: With regard to commodity futures, a paper released in January
Question: California tells me I didn't file documents for an LLC that isn't mine. What do I do? Answer: Did it show just your address, or was your name on
Question: How can I detect potential fraud in a company before investing in them? Answer: Most of the information we get about how a company is running its business, in
Question: What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country's dollar value goes down? Answer: Essentially imported goods from the country (in this case the US)
Question: Should I pay cash or prefer a 0% interest loan for home furnishings? Answer: If a shop offers 0% interest for purchase, someone is paying for it. e.g., If
Question: Is this legal: going long on call options and artificially increasing the price of the underlying asset seconds before expiration? Answer: Despite the fact that I think there is
Question: Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation? Answer: Inflation, like trade deficits or surpluses, have winners and losers in an economy. Clear losers
Question: Is there anything I can do to prepare myself for the tax consequences of selling investments to buy a house? Answer: Have you changed how you handle fund distributions?
Question: Pros, cons, and taxation of Per Diem compensation? Answer: Beware if injured on the job they will not add per diem to your wages meaning you make less and
Question: Indian citizen working from India as freelancer for U.S.-based company. How to report the income & pay tax in India? Answer: You can receive money directly into your savings
Question: First time investor wanting to invest in index funds especially Vanguard Answer: Congratulations on deciding to save money and choosing to invest it. One thing to know about mutual
Question: HELOC vs. Parental Student Loans vs. Second Mortgage? Answer: I'd like to propose a 4th option: Let your kid(s) take out their own student loans, and then you can
Question: I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do? Answer: To add to @michael's solid answer, I would suggest sitting down and analyzing what your priorities are about
Question: Roth vs. Whole Insurance vs. Cash Answer: You're extremely fortunate to have $50k in CDs, no debt, and $3800 disposable after food and rent. Congrats. Here's how I would
Question: What exactly is a "bad," "standard," or "good" annual raise? If I am told a hard percentage and don't get it, should I look elsewhere? Answer: What makes a
Question: Finding stocks following performance of certain investor, like BRK.B for Warren Buffet Answer: A couple points, first you don't point out what investors you want to invest with, and
Question: Starting a new job. Help me with retirement/debt planning please! Answer: I would go with your alternative idea: get rid of the debt as fast as possible. You have
Question: Common Stock Options Value Answer: Par value of common stock is essentially a historical artifact; it is a price at which the company will redeem shares directly. If common
Question: Calculating savings from mortgage interest deduction vs. standard deduction? Answer: Those choices aren't mutually exclusive. Yes, most discussion of the mortgage interest deduction ignores the fact that for a
Question: Is dividend taxation priced in derivatives? Answer: While derivative pricing models are better modeling reality as academia invests more into the subject, none sufficiently do. If, for example, one
Question: Long term investment for money Answer: I'd open the Roth IRA account and fund for 2015 and 2016. For the very long term, I'd learn about index funds, specifically
Question: Emptying a Roth IRA account Answer: If you have multiple accounts, you have to empty them all before you can deduct any losses. Your loss is not a capital
Question: Is there a difference between buying few shares of an expensive stock vs many shares of an inexpensive one? Answer: One difference is the bid/ask spread will cost you
Question: How are ADRs priced? Answer: Academic research into ADRs seems to suggest that pairs-trading ADRs and their underlying shares reveals that there certainly are arbitrage opportunities, but that in
Question: What should I do with the change in my change-jar? Answer: I don't know if those machines work this way in the UK too, but here in the US
Question: Why are US target retirement funds weighted so heavily towards US stocks? Answer: A target date fund is NOT a world market index. There is no requirement that it
Question: What should I be doing to protect myself from identity theft? Answer: I've received letters notifying me of data breaches in the past. In the end, I've never signed
Question: Is investing in an ETF generally your best option after establishing a Roth IRA? Answer: It's hard to know what to tell you without knowing income, age, marital status,
Question: Are stocks always able to be bought and sold at market price? Answer: In general stock markets are very similar to that, however, you can also put in limit
Question: Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it? Answer: I think so. I am doing this with our furniture. It
Question: Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor? Answer: Having thought about it, I decided to start with another book by the same author
Question: Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest? Answer: While technically true, a card issuer can cancel your card for almost any reason they
Question: In the UK what are citizens legally obliged to do (in order to not be fined) Answer: Edited to add an important one that I forgot, because I don't
Question: Does settlement of second mortgage count as short sale? Answer: No that will not count as a short sale although it may still affect your chances of getting a
Question: What to think of two at the money call options with different strike prices and premiums? Answer: As other uses have pointed out, your example is unusual in that
Question: What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan? Answer: If you can't sell it, refinance the bugger. Even if you can knock the interest rate down to 8%
Question: Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match? Answer: There is a very simple calculation that will answer the question: Is the expected ROI of the 401K
Question: What is the equivalent of the QQQ in the UK for the FTSE 100? Answer: I searched for FTSE 100 fund on Yahoo Finance and found POW FTSE RAF
Question: Should you keep your stocks if you are too late to sell? Answer: The stock price is not only based on the general market trend and the stock's current
Question: How to dollar-cost-average with a large amount of money in a savings account? Answer: I up voted JoeTaxpayer but i would like add a couple of things. Dollar Cost
Question: Should I buy a house with a friend? Answer: I did this about 8 years ago with a buddy in Chicago for the reasons specified in the original post.
Question: What happens when they run out of letters? Answer: NYSE started allowing four letter tickers around 2009. NASDAQ allows 4-5 letter tickers. I guess they'll keep increasing when /
Question: Do I pay a zero % loan before another to clear both loans faster? Answer: By paying the $11,000 into the 2.54% loan you will save $23.30 in interest
Question: Friend was brainwashed by MLM-/ponzi investment scam. What can I do? Answer: If this is your friend, and he that convinced he will "get rich" from this then there's
Question: At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool? Answer: Average return on the S&P500 over the last 10 years has been 1.6 %; so if you'd
Question: Google free real-time stock quotes Answer: Previously, Google had a delayed update for their stock prices (15 minutes I believe). That change enabled users of Google Finance to see
Question: Tax on insurance payment due to car deemed as total loss? Answer: DJClayworth's response is generally correct. You wouldn't have to pay taxes on insurance benefits, since those are
Question: If you buy something and sell it later on the same day, how do you calculate 'investment'? Answer: Your initial investment in this case is $9 on the first
Question: Are these really bond yields? Answer: Yes those are really yields. A large portion of the world has negative yielding bonds in fact. This process has been in motion
Question: New to investing  I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it? Answer: I have questions for you - As the others have stated, now really
Question: Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"? Answer: You asked for advice, so I'll offer it. Trying
Question: Option trading: High dollar value stock option and equity exposure Answer: Seems like you are concerned with something called assignment risk. It's an inherent risk of selling options: you
Question: Where to park money low-risk on interactivebrokers account? Answer: I would refrain from commenting on market timing strategy, but please don't park extra AUD cash in IB. Park cash
Question: What's a reliable way for a non-permanent resident alien in the USA to get an auto loan? Answer: From personal experience (I financed a new car from the dealer/manufacturer
Question: Can anyone else make an online payment for me? Answer: Your relative in the US could buy a pre-paid Visa (aka Visa gift card) and give you the numbers
Question: What could cause a stock to trade below book value? Answer: The key to evaluating book value is return on equity (ROE). That's net profit divided by book value.
Question: Loan to son - how to get it back Answer: A few ideas. I suggest it would wise to consider what lesson is learned as a result of any
Question: Should I Purchase Health Insurance Through My S-Corp Answer: The answer seems to depend on where you live. Perhaps you already found this, but the summary from the IRS
